b_haarlem = c_holland
b_amsterdam = c_holland
b_vlaardingen = c_holland
b_sgravenhage = c_holland
b_dordrecht = c_holland
b_gouda = c_holland
b_leiden = c_holland
b_muiden = c_holland
b_woerden = c_sticht
b_utrecht = c_sticht
b_dorestad = c_sticht
b_gorinchem = c_sticht
b_zeist = c_sticht
b_buren = c_sticht
b_ijsselstein = c_sticht
b_oudewater = c_sticht
b_alkmaar = c_westfriesland
b_hoorn = c_westfriesland
b_medemblik = c_westfriesland
b_enkhuizen = c_westfriesland
b_heerhugowaard = c_westfriesland
b_texel = c_westfriesland
b_egmond = c_westfriesland
b_schagen = c_westfriesland
b_middelburg = c_zeeland
b_tholen = c_zeeland
b_veere = c_zeeland
b_cadzand = c_zeeland
b_vlissingen = c_zeeland
b_renesse = c_zeeland
b_borsele = c_zeeland
b_zierikzee = c_zeeland
b_nijmegen = c_gelre
b_zutphen = c_gelre
b_deventer = c_gelre
b_arnhem = c_gelre
b_zwolle = c_gelre
b_kampen = c_gelre
b_bergh = c_gelre
b_bronckhorst = c_gelre
b_emden = c_ostfriesland
b_aurich = c_ostfriesland
b_borkum = c_ostfriesland
b_norden = c_ostfriesland
b_norderney = c_ostfriesland
b_leer = c_ostfriesland
b_wittmund = c_ostfriesland
b_esens = c_ostfriesland
b_groningen = c_frisia
b_leeuwarden = c_frisia
b_stavoren = c_frisia
b_bolsward = c_frisia
b_franeker = c_frisia
b_dokkum = c_frisia
b_assen = c_frisia
b_harlingen = c_frisia
b_leuven = c_brabant
b_mechelen = c_brabant
b_brussel = c_brabant
b_antwerpen = c_brabant
b_aarschot = c_brabant
b_grimbergen = c_brabant
b_herstal = c_brabant
b_lier = c_brabant
b_valenciennes = c_hainaut
b_cambrai = c_hainaut
b_avesnes = c_hainaut
b_mons = c_hainaut
b_chievres = c_hainaut
b_enghien = c_hainaut
b_charleroi = c_hainaut
b_ath = c_hainaut
b_breda = c_breda
b_shertogenbosch = c_breda
b_tilburg = c_breda
b_willemstad = c_breda
b_bergenopzoom = c_breda
b_cuijck = c_breda
b_ravenstein = c_breda
b_horn = c_breda
b_arras = c_artois
b_terwaan = c_artois
b_bethune = c_artois
b_lens = c_artois
b_lille = c_artois
b_bouvines = c_artois
b_beaumetz = c_artois
b_bapaume = c_artois
b_boulogne = c_boulogne
b_montreuil = c_boulogne
b_saintpol = c_boulogne
b_hesdin = c_boulogne
b_fauquembergues = c_boulogne
b_ternouis = c_boulogne
b_therouanne = c_boulogne
b_ardres = c_boulogne
b_guines = c_guines
b_saintomer = c_guines
b_calais = c_guines
b_dunkerque = c_guines
b_bourbourg = c_guines
b_marck = c_guines
b_gravelines = c_guines
b_coulogne = c_guines
b_ypres = c_yperen
b_rosebeke = c_yperen
b_cassel = c_yperen
b_roeselare = c_yperen
b_poperinge = c_yperen
b_menen = c_yperen
b_diksmuide = c_yperen
b_wervik = c_yperen
b_brugge = c_brugge
b_damme = c_brugge
b_sluys = c_brugge
b_oostende = c_brugge
b_male = c_brugge
b_nieuwpoort = c_brugge
b_torhout = c_brugge
b_aardenburg = c_brugge
b_gent = c_gent
b_doornik = c_gent
b_oudenaarde = c_gent
b_aalst = c_gent
b_st_niklaas = c_gent
b_dendermonde = c_gent
b_kortrijk = c_gent
b_geraardsbergen = c_gent
b_luxembourg = c_luxembourg
b_bouillon = c_luxembourg
b_saintvith = c_luxembourg
b_arlon = c_luxembourg
b_neufchateau = c_luxembourg
b_longwy = c_luxembourg
b_differdange = c_luxembourg
b_ettelbruck = c_luxembourg
b_liege = c_liege
b_bastogne = c_liege
b_namur = c_liege
b_huy = c_liege
b_laroche = c_liege
b_cine = c_liege
b_salm = c_liege
b_stavelot = c_liege
b_julich = c_julich
b_aachen = c_julich
b_prum = c_julich
b_geldern = c_julich
b_roermond = c_julich
b_duren = c_julich
b_moers = c_julich
b_monschau = c_julich
b_loon = c_loon
b_maastricht = c_loon
b_hasselt = c_loon
b_valkenburg = c_loon
b_heinsberg = c_loon
b_hesbaie = c_loon
b_wassenberg = c_loon
b_tongeren = c_loon
b_nancy = c_lorraine
b_toul = c_lorraine
b_sarrebourg = c_lorraine
b_epinal = c_lorraine
b_luneville = c_lorraine
b_charpeigne = c_lorraine
b_mortagnedevosges = c_lorraine
b_saintavoid = c_lorraine
b_saintois = c_saintois
b_vaudemont = c_saintois
b_brixey = c_saintois
b_sorcystmartin = c_saintois
b_ivios = c_saintois
b_ornois = c_saintois
b_saulnois = c_saintois
b_dompaire = c_saintois
b_barleduc = c_bar
b_vaucouleurs = c_bar
b_saintmihel = c_bar
b_commercy = c_bar
b_joinville = c_bar
b_saintdizier = c_bar
b_kaiserslautern = c_pfalz
b_worms = c_pfalz
b_hagenau = c_pfalz
b_stahleck = c_pfalz
b_trifels = c_pfalz
b_speyer = c_pfalz
b_zweibrucken = c_pfalz
b_saarbrucken = c_pfalz
b_andernach = c_trier
b_trier = c_trier
b_coblenz = c_trier
b_sponheim = c_trier
b_wittlich = c_trier
b_gerolstein = c_trier
b_laach = c_trier
b_bitburg = c_trier
b_metz = c_metz
b_thionville = c_metz
b_saintjulien = c_metz
b_marslatour = c_metz
b_bouzonville = c_metz
b_briey = c_metz
b_joudreville = c_metz
b_audunleroman = c_metz
b_verdun = c_verdun
b_grandpre = c_verdun
b_barlecomte = c_verdun
b_longuyon = c_verdun
b_doaumont = c_verdun
b_stenay = c_verdun
b_etain = c_verdun
b_egisheim = c_nordgau
b_strassburg = c_nordgau
b_lauterburg = c_nordgau
b_selz = c_nordgau
b_erstein = c_nordgau
b_molsheim = c_nordgau
b_brumath = c_nordgau
b_schlettstadt = c_nordgau
b_ensisheim = c_sundgau
b_kolmar = c_sundgau
b_murbach = c_sundgau
b_mulhouse = c_sundgau
b_landser = c_sundgau
b_thann = c_sundgau
b_altkirch = c_sundgau
b_ferette = c_sundgau
b_kempten = c_kempten
b_augsburg = c_kempten
b_zumarshausen = c_kempten
b_kaufbeuren = c_kempten
b_donauworth = c_kempten
b_friedberg = c_kempten
b_hochstadt = c_kempten
b_rain = c_kempten
b_munchen = c_oberbayern
b_dachau = c_oberbayern
b_freising = c_oberbayern
b_andechs = c_oberbayern
b_diessen = c_oberbayern
b_dingolfing = c_oberbayern
b_pfaffenberg = c_oberbayern
b_ebersberg = c_oberbayern
b_salzburg = c_salzburg
b_durmberg = c_salzburg
b_waging = c_salzburg
b_berchtesgaden = c_salzburg
b_tittmoning = c_salzburg
b_laufen = c_salzburg
b_muhldorf = c_salzburg
b_gastein = c_salzburg
b_straubing = c_niederbayern
b_regensburg = c_niederbayern
b_landshut = c_niederbayern
b_ingolstadt = c_niederbayern
b_wittelsbach = c_niederbayern
b_cham = c_niederbayern
b_rohrbach = c_niederbayern
b_kirchroth = c_niederbayern
b_nurnberg = c_nurnberg
b_ellwangen = c_nurnberg
b_furth = c_nurnberg
b_kulmbach = c_nurnberg
b_hohenburg = c_nurnberg
b_nordlingen = c_nurnberg
b_eichstatt = c_nurnberg
b_erlangen = c_nurnberg
b_passau = c_passau
b_ortenburg = c_passau
b_schaumberg = c_passau
b_formbach = c_passau
b_ulrichsberg = c_passau
b_freistadt = c_passau
b_raab = c_passau
b_freyung = c_passau
b_mikulov = c_znojmo
b_iglau = c_znojmo
b_lundenburg = c_znojmo
b_skalitz = c_znojmo
b_trebic = c_znojmo
b_eibenshitz = c_znojmo
b_znojmo = c_znojmo
b_ivancice = c_znojmo
b_wien = c_osterreich
b_linz = c_osterreich
b_melk = c_osterreich
b_stpolten = c_osterreich
b_hohenwarth = c_osterreich
b_wagram = c_osterreich
b_krems = c_osterreich
b_steyr = c_osterreich
b_eppenstein = c_steiermark
b_graz = c_steiermark
b_lavant = c_steiermark
b_cilli = c_steiermark
b_seckau = c_steiermark
b_leibnitz = c_steiermark
b_radkersburg = c_steiermark
b_stubing = c_steiermark
b_bregenz = c_tirol
b_landeck = c_tirol
b_stanton = c_tirol
b_imst = c_tirol
b_sterzing = c_tirol
b_ried = c_tirol
b_dornbirn = c_tirol
b_nenzing = c_tirol
b_rheineck = c_st_gallen
b_stgallen = c_st_gallen
b_appenzell = c_st_gallen
b_frauenfeld = c_st_gallen
b_altstatten = c_st_gallen
b_lichtensteig = c_st_gallen
b_vaduz = c_st_gallen
b_herisau = c_st_gallen
b_innsbruck = c_innsbruck
b_kufstein = c_innsbruck
b_stams = c_innsbruck
b_lienz = c_innsbruck
b_schwaz = c_innsbruck
b_kitzbuhel = c_innsbruck
b_jenbach = c_innsbruck
b_fugen = c_innsbruck
b_chur = c_chur
b_churwalden = c_chur
b_davos = c_chur
b_maienfeld = c_chur
b_illanz = c_chur
b_thusis = c_chur
b_glurns = c_chur
b_zuoz = c_chur
b_mitterburg = c_istria
b_trieste = c_istria
b_fiume = c_istria
b_lovrana = c_istria
b_wolauska = c_istria
b_karstberg = c_istria
b_duino = c_istria
b_pula = c_istria
b_gorz = c_krain
b_krainburg = c_krain
b_gurk = c_krain
b_stain = c_krain
b_guetenegg = c_krain
b_auersperg = c_krain
b_zerknitz = c_krain
b_stveit = c_krain
b_villach = c_karnten
b_klagenfurt = c_karnten
b_ossiach = c_karnten
b_laibach = c_karnten
b_treffen = c_karnten
b_sann = c_karnten
b_pettau = c_karnten
b_wolfsberg = c_karnten
b_aquileia = c_aquileia
b_udine = c_aquileia
b_friuli = c_aquileia
b_motta = c_aquileia
b_concordia = c_aquileia
b_ciridale = c_aquileia
b_portoguaro = c_aquileia
b_sacile = c_aquileia
b_celle = c_celle
b_hannover = c_celle
b_herford = c_celle
b_hermannsburg = c_celle
b_ravensberg = c_celle
b_nienburg = c_celle
b_wedemark = c_celle
b_wittingen = c_celle
b_luneburg = c_luneburg
b_bardowick = c_luneburg
b_gifhorn = c_luneburg
b_evern = c_luneburg
b_reppenstedt = c_luneburg
b_ludersburg = c_luneburg
b_thomasburg = c_luneburg
b_uelzen = c_luneburg
b_braunschweig = c_braunschweig
b_bielefeld = c_braunschweig
b_paderborn = c_braunschweig
b_hildesheim = c_braunschweig
b_waldeck = c_braunschweig
b_wolfenbuttel = c_braunschweig
b_helmstedt = c_braunschweig
b_gandersheim = c_braunschweig
b_oldenburg = c_oldenburg
b_cloppenburg = c_oldenburg
b_jever = c_oldenburg
b_delmenhorst = c_oldenburg
b_loningen = c_oldenburg
b_nordenham = c_oldenburg
b_kniphausen = c_oldenburg
b_varel = c_oldenburg
b_osnabruck = c_osnabruck
b_lingen = c_osnabruck
b_bentheim = c_osnabruck
b_wildeshausen = c_osnabruck
b_tecklenburg = c_osnabruck
b_minden = c_osnabruck
b_quackenbruck = c_osnabruck
b_meppen = c_osnabruck
b_erfurt = c_thuringen
b_muhlhausen = c_thuringen
b_arnstadt = c_thuringen
b_eichsfeld = c_thuringen
b_reuss = c_thuringen
b_salzungen = c_thuringen
b_schmalkalden = c_thuringen
b_henneberg = c_thuringen
b_nassau = c_nassau
b_fulda = c_nassau
b_wetzlar = c_nassau
b_marburg = c_nassau
b_katzenelnbogen = c_nassau
b_hersfeld = c_nassau
b_falkenstein = c_nassau
b_isenburg = c_nassau
b_gottingen = c_gottingen
b_corvey = c_gottingen
b_lippe = c_gottingen
b_kassel = c_gottingen
b_goslar = c_gottingen
b_northeim = c_gottingen
b_eisenach = c_gottingen
b_detmold = c_gottingen
b_koln = c_koln
b_berg = c_koln
b_mark = c_koln
b_bonn = c_koln
b_dietz = c_koln
b_saffenburg = c_koln
b_hochstaden = c_koln
b_brauweiler = c_koln
b_munster = c_munster
b_dortmund = c_munster
b_essen = c_munster
b_greven = c_munster
b_gutersloh = c_munster
b_steinfurt = c_munster
b_gronau = c_munster
b_ahlen = c_munster
b_kleve = c_kleve
b_goch = c_kleve
b_rees = c_kleve
b_anholt = c_kleve
b_Xanten = c_kleve
b_wesel = c_kleve
b_emmerich = c_kleve
b_isselburg = c_kleve
b_mainz = c_mainz
b_frankfurt = c_mainz
b_eppstein = c_mainz
b_ingelheim = c_mainz
b_mannheim = c_mainz
b_weilburg = c_mainz
b_dornburg = c_mainz
b_hanau = c_mainz
b_leiningen = c_leiningen
b_heidelberg = c_leiningen
b_lorsch = c_leiningen
b_durkheim = c_leiningen
b_battenberg = c_leiningen
b_hardenburg = c_leiningen
b_ungstein = c_leiningen
b_pfeffingen = c_leiningen
b_wurzburg = c_wurzburg
b_aschaffenburg = c_wurzburg
b_schweinfurt = c_wurzburg
b_marienberg = c_wurzburg
b_hammelburg = c_wurzburg
b_schwarzenberg = c_wurzburg
b_theiheim = c_wurzburg
b_mainderheim = c_wurzburg
b_ansbach = c_bamberg
b_bamberg = c_bamberg
b_babenberg = c_bamberg
b_cadolzburg = c_bamberg
b_colmberg = c_bamberg
b_roth = c_bamberg
b_uffenheim = c_bamberg
b_crailsheim = c_bamberg
b_baden = c_baden
b_karlsruhe = c_baden
b_wimpfen = c_baden
b_calw = c_baden
b_pforzheim = c_baden
b_durlach = c_baden
b_rastatt = c_baden
b_neuhausen = c_baden
b_freiburg = c_breisgau
b_stblasien = c_breisgau
b_offenburg = c_breisgau
b_zahringen = c_breisgau
b_lahr = c_breisgau
b_lohrrach = c_breisgau
b_breisach = c_breisgau
b_rottweil = c_breisgau
b_tubingen = c_schwaben
b_konstanz = c_schwaben
b_heiligenberg = c_schwaben
b_uberlingen = c_schwaben
b_hohenberg = c_schwaben
b_friedrichshafen = c_schwaben
b_wangen = c_schwaben
b_lindau = c_schwaben
b_ulm = c_ulm
b_zwiefalten = c_ulm
b_teck = c_ulm
b_biberach = c_ulm
b_memmingen = c_ulm
b_isny = c_ulm
b_goppingen = c_ulm
b_erbach = c_ulm
b_furstenberg = c_furstenberg
b_villingen = c_furstenberg
b_hirsau = c_furstenberg
b_baar = c_furstenberg
b_haslach = c_furstenberg
b_zollern = c_furstenberg
b_wolfach = c_furstenberg
b_donaueschingen = c_furstenberg
b_stuttgart = c_wurttemberg
b_heilbronn = c_wurttemberg
b_reutlingen = c_wurttemberg
b_waiblingen = c_wurttemberg
b_esslingen = c_wurttemberg
b_gmund = c_wurttemberg
b_staufen = c_wurttemberg
b_asperg = c_wurttemberg
b_nikaea = c_nikaea
b_kios = c_nikaea
b_optimatum = c_nikaea
b_petobriga = c_nikaea
b_kotyaion = c_nikaea
b_palaeokastron = c_nikaea
b_yalova = c_nikaea
b_modrene = c_nikaea
b_nikomedeia = c_nikomedeia
b_chalkedon = c_nikomedeia
b_chrysopolis = c_nikomedeia
b_praenetos = c_nikomedeia
b_calpe = c_nikomedeia
b_palodes = c_nikomedeia
b_adapazari = c_nikomedeia
b_malagina = c_nikomedeia
b_prusa = c_prusa
b_darieium = c_prusa
b_apamea = c_prusa
b_docimium = c_prusa
b_adrastea = c_prusa
b_thyatira = c_prusa
b_pelopia = c_prusa
b_miletopolis = c_prusa
b_kyzikos = c_kyzikos
b_artake = c_kyzikos
b_militopolis = c_kyzikos
b_kremasti = c_kyzikos
b_adrianutherai = c_kyzikos
b_myrina = c_kyzikos
b_percote = c_kyzikos
b_arisbe = c_kyzikos
b_ephesos = c_ephesos
b_lebedos = c_ephesos
b_miletos = c_ephesos
b_magnesia = c_ephesos
b_tralles = c_ephesos
b_iassos = c_ephesos
b_palation = c_ephesos
b_petron = c_ephesos
b_smyrna = c_smyrna
b_pergamon = c_smyrna
b_phokaia = c_smyrna
b_adramyttion = c_smyrna
b_chio = c_smyrna
b_klazomeanai = c_smyrna
b_kydonia = c_smyrna
b_erythrai = c_smyrna
b_samos = c_chios
b_chios = c_chios
b_tigani = c_chios
b_marathokampos = c_chios
b_ikaria = c_chios
b_fourni = c_chios
b_chrysostomos = c_chios
b_pagondas = c_chios
b_abydos = c_abydos
b_lampsakos = c_abydos
b_alexandriatroas = c_abydos
b_pigai = c_abydos
b_aegae = c_abydos
b_allianoi = c_abydos
b_cebrene = c_abydos
b_elaia = c_abydos
b_naxos = c_naxos
b_hermoupolis = c_naxos
b_santorini = c_naxos
b_andros = c_naxos
b_tinos = c_naxos
b_mykonos = c_naxos
b_kastraki = c_naxos
b_filoti = c_naxos
b_chalkis = c_euboia
b_kymi = c_euboia
b_karystos = c_euboia
b_oreoi = c_euboia
b_artemisio = c_euboia
b_istiaia = c_euboia
b_lilantia = c_euboia
b_messapia = c_euboia
b_mytilene = c_lesbos
b_mithymna = c_lesbos
b_plomari = c_lesbos
b_agiasos = c_lesbos
b_eresos = c_lesbos
b_kalloni = c_lesbos
b_thasos = c_lesbos
b_moudros = c_lesbos
b_gallipoli = c_kaliopolis
b_heraclea = c_kaliopolis
b_madyta = c_kaliopolis
b_rhaidestos = c_kaliopolis
b_panidos = c_kaliopolis
b_selymbria = c_kaliopolis
b_lysimachia = c_kaliopolis
b_sestus = c_kaliopolis
b_constantinople = c_byzantion
b_hagiasophia = c_byzantion
b_galata = c_byzantion
b_blachernae = c_byzantion
b_hieron = c_byzantion
b_deuteron = c_byzantion
b_pempton = c_byzantion
b_vlanga = c_byzantion
b_verissa = c_thrake
b_sestos = c_thrake
b_chariopolis = c_thrake
b_syrallum = c_thrake
b_salmydessus = c_thrake
b_deleus = c_thrake
b_aulaeitichus = c_thrake
b_phinopolis = c_thrake
b_adrianopolis = c_adrianopolis
b_didymoteichon = c_adrianopolis
b_traianopolis = c_adrianopolis
b_skalothe = c_adrianopolis
b_berat = c_adrianopolis
b_kypsela = c_adrianopolis
b_demotika = c_adrianopolis
b_ainos = c_adrianopolis
b_philippopolis = c_philippopolis
b_xantheia = c_philippopolis
b_klokoknitsa = c_philippopolis
b_prodromos = c_philippopolis
b_peritheorion = c_philippopolis
b_anaktoropolis = c_philippopolis
b_polystylon = c_philippopolis
b_mosynopolis = c_philippopolis
b_serres = c_chalkidike
b_mntathos = c_chalkidike
b_philippi = c_chalkidike
b_chrysiopolis = c_chalkidike
b_siderokastron = c_chalkidike
b_zicna = c_chalkidike
b_melnik = c_chalkidike
b_drama = c_chalkidike
b_thessaloniki = c_thessalonike
b_thesedessa = c_thessalonike
b_voden = c_thessalonike
b_hlerin = c_thessalonike
b_cemren = c_thessalonike
b_veria = c_thessalonike
b_elasson = c_thessalonike
b_servia = c_thessalonike
b_larissa = c_thessalia
b_volos = c_thessalia
b_neopetra = c_thessalia
b_damasis = c_thessalia
b_kastri = c_thessalia
b_pharsalos = c_thessalia
b_trikkala = c_thessalia
b_stagi = c_thessalia
b_skopje = c_strymon
b_strumica = c_strymon
b_veles = c_strymon
b_prilep = c_strymon
b_prosek = c_strymon
b_trikves = c_strymon
b_kocane = c_strymon
b_kratovo = c_strymon
b_debar = c_ochrid
b_ohrid = c_ochrid
b_kastoria = c_ochrid
b_kicevo = c_ochrid
b_svetigrad = c_ochrid
b_bitola = c_ochrid
b_tomot = c_ochrid
b_krusevo = c_ochrid
b_durazzo = c_dyrrachion
b_chounavia = c_dyrrachion
b_valona = c_dyrrachion
b_kruje = c_dyrrachion
b_elbasan = c_dyrrachion
b_geziq = c_dyrrachion
b_spinarizza = c_dyrrachion
b_beat = c_dyrrachion
b_butrint = c_epeiros
b_paramythia = c_epeiros
b_ioannina = c_epeiros
b_sopot = c_epeiros
b_pogonia = c_epeiros
b_gjirokaster = c_epeiros
b_igoumenitsa = c_epeiros
b_sagiada = c_epeiros
b_preveza = c_arta
b_angelokastron = c_arta
b_arta = c_arta
b_agnanta = c_arta
b_thomokastron = c_arta
b_vonitsza = c_arta
b_vlacherna = c_arta
b_rogoi = c_arta
b_corfu = c_cephalonia
b_lefkas = c_cephalonia
b_palaiofrourio = c_cephalonia
b_kefalonia = c_cephalonia
b_zante = c_cephalonia
b_paxos = c_cephalonia
b_ithaca = c_cephalonia
b_cerigo = c_cephalonia
b_thebes = c_demetrias
b_lebadea = c_demetrias
b_neopatras = c_demetrias
b_boudonitza = c_demetrias
b_levadhia = c_demetrias
b_demetrias = c_demetrias
b_ravennika = c_demetrias
b_gravia = c_demetrias
b_naupaktos = c_hellas
b_amphissa = c_hellas
b_lidoriki = c_hellas
b_kastrinitsi = c_hellas
b_markrynia = c_hellas
b_paravola = c_hellas
b_amfissa = c_hellas
b_itea = c_hellas
b_athens = c_atheniai
b_piraeaus = c_atheniai
b_megara = c_atheniai
b_soula = c_atheniai
b_daphni = c_atheniai
b_karydi = c_atheniai
b_salamis = c_atheniai
b_marathon = c_atheniai
b_patras = c_achaia
b_pyrgos = c_achaia
b_andravida = c_achaia
b_kalavryta = c_achaia
b_akova = c_achaia
b_chalandritza = c_achaia
b_karditza = c_achaia
b_geraki = c_achaia
b_corinth = c_korinthos
b_nauplion = c_korinthos
b_argos = c_korinthos
b_passava = c_korinthos
b_vostitza = c_korinthos
b_zemenos = c_korinthos
b_veligosti = c_korinthos
b_megapoli = c_korinthos
b_modon = c_methone
b_kiparissia = c_methone
b_kalamata = c_methone
b_coron = c_methone
b_karytaina = c_methone
b_gritzena = c_methone
b_pilos = c_methone
b_androusa = c_methone
b_monemvasia = c_monemvasia
b_mistra = c_monemvasia
b_arkadia = c_monemvasia
b_nikli = c_monemvasia
b_sparta = c_monemvasia
b_lacedaemonia = c_monemvasia
b_gythio = c_monemvasia
b_elos = c_monemvasia
b_kandia = c_kaneia
b_rethymno = c_kaneia
b_matala = c_kaneia
b_kastellikissamos = c_kaneia
b_paleohora = c_kaneia
b_akrotin = c_kaneia
b_nikiforosfokas = c_kaneia
b_arkadi = c_kaneia
b_iraklio = c_chandax
b_agiosnikolaos = c_chandax
b_lassithi = c_chandax
b_malia = c_chandax
b_kastelli = c_chandax
b_sitia = c_chandax
b_ierapetra = c_chandax
b_knossos = c_chandax
b_famagusta = c_famagusta
b_cithium = c_famagusta
b_nikosia = c_famagusta
b_sthilarion = c_famagusta
b_kyrenia = c_famagusta
b_buffavento = c_famagusta
b_kantara = c_famagusta
b_peristerona = c_famagusta
b_limmassol = c_limisol
b_paphos = c_limisol
b_arsinoe = c_limisol
b_kolossi = c_limisol
b_morphou = c_limisol
b_agridi = c_limisol
b_dieudamour = c_limisol
b_khirokitia = c_limisol
b_attaleia = c_attaleia
b_cibyra = c_attaleia
b_side = c_attaleia
b_slege = c_attaleia
b_sagalassos = c_attaleia
b_galanauros = c_attaleia
b_panemotichus = c_attaleia
b_sillyon = c_attaleia
b_rhodos = c_rhodos
b_lindos = c_rhodos
b_kos = c_rhodos
b_karpathos = c_rhodos
b_pefkos = c_rhodos
b_ialysos = c_rhodos
b_haraki = c_rhodos
b_koskinou = c_rhodos
b_halikarnassos = c_lykia
b_myra = c_lykia
b_telmissos = c_lykia
b_kibyra = c_lykia
b_patara = c_lykia
b_mylasa = c_lykia
b_limyra = c_lykia
b_phaselis = c_lykia
b_dorylaion = c_dorylaion
b_pessinus = c_dorylaion
b_kotiaion = c_dorylaion
b_orkistos = c_dorylaion
b_polybotos = c_dorylaion
b_iustinianopolis = c_dorylaion
b_carura = c_dorylaion
b_germia = c_dorylaion
b_ikonion = c_ikonion
b_lisdra = c_ikonion
b_gaspadale = c_ikonion
b_isauria = c_ikonion
b_laranda = c_ikonion
b_terpe = c_ikonion
b_amblada = c_ikonion
b_sauatra = c_ikonion
b_souzopolis = c_sozopolis
b_synnada = c_sozopolis
b_aezani = c_sozopolis
b_cadi = c_sozopolis
b_polidorion = c_sozopolis
b_kelainai = c_sozopolis
b_dinar = c_sozopolis
b_isparta = c_sozopolis
b_laodikeia = c_laodikeia
b_philadelphia = c_laodikeia
b_rhoas = c_laodikeia
b_sardes = c_laodikeia
b_hieropolis = c_laodikeia
b_kona = c_laodikeia
b_gordes = c_laodikeia
b_flaviupolis = c_laodikeia
b_kaisereia = c_kaisereia
b_misti = c_kaisereia
b_talas = c_kaisereia
b_sariz = c_kaisereia
b_masaka = c_kaisereia
b_dobada = c_kaisereia
b_venessa = c_kaisereia
b_zoropassos = c_kaisereia
b_mikissos = c_galatia
b_tavia = c_galatia
b_asponia = c_galatia
b_nyssa = c_galatia
b_carissa = c_galatia
b_kochisar = c_galatia
b_karacaviran = c_galatia
b_garsaura = c_galatia
b_tyana = c_tyana
b_archelais = c_tyana
b_anatoliaheraklea = c_tyana
b_nazianus = c_tyana
b_cybistra = c_tyana
b_gamar = c_tyana
b_tomarza = c_tyana
b_faustinopolis = c_tyana
b_amisos = c_amisos
b_amasia = c_amisos
b_thermodon = c_amisos
b_eupatoria = c_amisos
b_zela = c_amisos
b_dazimon = c_amisos
b_neokaisarea = c_amisos
b_phadisane = c_amisos
b_sinope = c_sinope
b_pompeiopolis = c_sinope
b_germanicopolis = c_sinope
b_aboniteichos = c_sinope
b_amastris = c_sinope
b_comana = c_sinope
b_talaura = c_sinope
b_themiscyra = c_sinope
b_kastamonu = c_paphlagonia
b_anastasiopolis = c_paphlagonia
b_gangra = c_paphlagonia
b_safranbolu = c_paphlagonia
b_cabira = c_paphlagonia
b_bolu = c_paphlagonia
b_zaliscus = c_paphlagonia
b_leontopolis = c_paphlagonia
b_herakleia = c_herakleia
b_claudiopolis = c_herakleia
b_flaviopolis = c_herakleia
b_polis = c_herakleia
b_bithynium = c_herakleia
b_zephyropoli = c_herakleia
b_amastrine = c_herakleia
b_tium = c_herakleia
b_ankyra = c_ankyra
b_germa = c_ankyra
b_akroynon = c_ankyra
b_gordium = c_ankyra
b_amorion = c_ankyra
b_gordoservon = c_ankyra
b_nakoleia = c_ankyra
b_haymana = c_ankyra
b_theodosiopolis = c_theodosiopolis
b_argyropolis = c_theodosiopolis
b_citharizum = c_theodosiopolis
b_satala = c_theodosiopolis
b_thera = c_theodosiopolis
b_oukhiti = c_theodosiopolis
b_askale = c_theodosiopolis
b_tortum = c_theodosiopolis
b_trapezous = c_trapezous
b_koralla = c_trapezous
b_rizaion = c_trapezous
b_paiperta = c_trapezous
b_rizini = c_trapezous
b_alucra = c_trapezous
b_kelkit = c_trapezous
b_dereli = c_trapezous
b_kerasous = c_chaldea
b_cotyora = c_chaldea
b_camachus = c_chaldea
b_ibora = c_chaldea
b_podandos = c_chaldea
b_tilgarimo = c_chaldea
b_sebastea = c_chaldea
b_heracleopolis = c_chaldea
b_lykandos = c_lykandos
b_tzamandos = c_lykandos
b_comanagene = c_lykandos
b_symposion = c_lykandos
b_papurius = c_lykandos
b_cocussus = c_lykandos
b_germanikeia = c_lykandos
b_arabissus = c_lykandos
b_tarsos = c_tarsos
b_lamas = c_tarsos
b_castabala = c_tarsos
b_lampron = c_tarsos
b_zephyrium = c_tarsos
b_pendosis = c_tarsos
b_korikos = c_tarsos
b_bardzerben = c_tarsos
b_adana = c_adana
b_sis = c_adana
b_anazarba = c_adana
b_mamistra = c_adana
b_lajazzo = c_adana
b_trazak = c_adana
b_vahka = c_adana
b_mopsuestia = c_adana
b_teluch = c_teluch
b_germanias = c_teluch
b_perre = c_teluch
b_komanal = c_teluch
b_kapan = c_teluch
b_tavplur = c_teluch
b_koksen = c_teluch
b_hajin = c_teluch
b_seleukeia = c_seleukeia
b_germanak = c_seleukeia
b_irenopolis = c_seleukeia
b_corycus = c_seleukeia
b_ninica = c_seleukeia
b_selinus = c_seleukeia
b_anemurium = c_seleukeia
b_dalisandus = c_seleukeia
b_haykaberd = c_vaspurakan
b_van = c_vaspurakan
b_surbkhach = c_vaspurakan
b_vostan = c_vaspurakan
b_varagavank = c_vaspurakan
b_aghtamar = c_vaspurakan
b_bakear = c_vaspurakan
b_hadamakert = c_vaspurakan
b_dvin = c_dwin
b_etchmiadzin = c_dwin
b_erebuni = c_dwin
b_alaverdi = c_dwin
b_khorvirap = c_dwin
b_matsnaberd = c_dwin
b_tumanyan = c_dwin
b_midjnaberd = c_ani
b_ani = c_ani
b_surpasdvadzadzin = c_ani
b_karutsberd = c_ani
b_karuts = c_ani
b_artashat = c_ani
b_oshakan  = c_ani
b_zvartnots = c_ani
b_lori_berd = c_lori
b_dzegh = c_lori
b_dmanis = c_lori
b_agarak = c_lori
b_hovk = c_lori
b_sanahin = c_lori
b_erkan = c_lori
b_daroynk = c_karin
b_karin = c_karin
b_owshank = c_karin
b_mardin = c_karin
b_baghesh = c_karin
b_pasen = c_karin
b_tercan = c_karin
b_kirklarkilisesi = c_karin
b_tzimisca = c_mesopotamia
b_martyropolis = c_mesopotamia
b_mayafaraqin = c_mesopotamia
b_jermuk = c_mesopotamia
b_arghana = c_mesopotamia
b_hani = c_mesopotamia
b_lice = c_mesopotamia
b_tigranakert = c_mesopotamia
b_manzikert = c_taron
b_mush = c_taron
b_glak = c_taron
b_ararati = c_taron
b_artchesh = c_taron
b_arakelots = c_taron
b_akhlat = c_taron
b_sason = c_taron
b_edessa = c_edessa
b_sruk = c_edessa
b_bile = c_edessa
b_tulupe = c_edessa
b_kaisun = c_edessa
b_samsat = c_edessa
b_harran = c_edessa
b_edesurfa = c_edessa
b_turbessel = c_tell_bashir
b_buzaa = c_tell_bashir
b_manbij = c_tell_bashir
b_nizip = c_tell_bashir
b_zeugma = c_tell_bashir
b_makedonopolis = c_tell_bashir
b_birtha = c_tell_bashir
b_jarabulus = c_tell_bashir
b_aintab = c_aintab
b_marash = c_aintab
b_kyrrhos = c_aintab
b_ravendan = c_aintab
b_duluk = c_aintab
b_hromgla = c_aintab
b_raban = c_aintab
b_amanus = c_aintab
b_koloneia = c_koloneia
b_anatolnikopolis = c_koloneia
b_tephrice = c_koloneia
b_mazaka = c_koloneia
b_celtzene = c_koloneia
b_gamakh = c_koloneia
b_akn = c_koloneia
b_gerjanis = c_koloneia
b_melitene = c_melitene
b_arca = c_melitene
b_samosata = c_melitene
b_corduene = c_melitene
b_seneqerim = c_melitene
b_arguvan = c_melitene
b_kigi = c_melitene
b_yedisu = c_melitene
b_vidin = c_vidin
b_viseslav = c_vidin
b_kula = c_vidin
b_srvljig = c_vidin
b_pirot = c_vidin
b_bolvan = c_vidin
b_kucevo = c_vidin
b_zajecar = c_vidin
b_nish = c_naissus
b_kumanovo = c_naissus
b_koprijan = c_naissus
b_brdo = c_naissus
b_vranje = c_naissus
b_lesnovo = c_naissus
b_kambelevac = c_naissus
b_knjazevac = c_naissus
b_tyrnovo = c_tyrnovo
b_irinopolis = c_tyrnovo
b_kilifarevski = c_tyrnovo
b_hisarya = c_tyrnovo
b_opan = c_tyrnovo
b_chirpan = c_tyrnovo
b_maglizh = c_tyrnovo
b_kazanlak = c_tyrnovo
b_serdica = c_serdica
b_velbazhd = c_serdica
b_rila = c_serdica
b_etropole = c_serdica
b_pernik = c_serdica
b_breznik = c_serdica
b_pravets = c_serdica
b_samundzhievo = c_serdica
b_nikopolis = c_nikopolis
b_pleven = c_nikopolis
b_oescus = c_nikopolis
b_belene = c_nikopolis
b_iskar = c_nikopolis
b_pordim = c_nikopolis
b_knezha = c_nikopolis
b_dolnidabknik = c_nikopolis
b_dorosturum = c_dorostotum
b_rusi = c_dorostotum
b_shumen = c_dorostotum
b_borovo = c_dorostotum
b_byaladve = c_dorostotum
b_slivopole = c_dorostotum
b_tsenovo = c_dorostotum
b_samuil = c_dorostotum
b_mesembria = c_mesembria
b_varna = c_mesembria
b_anchilios = c_mesembria
b_aetos = c_mesembria
b_sozopolis = c_mesembria
b_odessos = c_mesembria
b_bourgas = c_mesembria
b_valchidol = c_mesembria
b_karvuna = c_karvuna
b_kaliakra = c_karvuna
b_silistria = c_karvuna
b_dobrich = c_karvuna
b_prezlav = c_karvuna
b_venets = c_karvuna
b_varbitsz = c_karvuna
b_smyadovo = c_karvuna
b_constantia = c_constantia
b_carachioi = c_constantia
b_adamclisi = c_constantia
b_mesgidia = c_constantia
b_cobadin = c_constantia
b_cogealac = c_constantia
b_mangalia = c_constantia
b_topraisar = c_constantia
b_prizren = c_rashka
b_decani = c_rashka
b_dioclea = c_rashka
b_svetispas = c_rashka
b_trepca = c_rashka
b_zvecan = c_rashka
b_djakovica = c_rashka
b_polog = c_rashka
b_plav = c_hum
b_pec = c_hum
b_novipazar = c_hum
b_stupovi = c_hum
b_belacrkva = c_hum
b_bradarevo = c_hum
b_moraca = c_hum
b_medun = c_hum
b_belgrade = c_belgrade
b_zemun = c_belgrade
b_smederevo = c_belgrade
b_kragujevac = c_belgrade
b_rudnik = c_belgrade
b_branicevo = c_belgrade
b_pozarevac = c_belgrade
b_lipovic = c_belgrade
b_podgorica = c_zeta
b_bar = c_zeta
b_kotor = c_zeta
b_skadar = c_zeta
b_ulcinj = c_zeta
b_budva = c_zeta
b_danj = c_zeta
b_drivast = c_zeta
b_ragusa = c_ragusa
b_narona = c_ragusa
b_cavtat = c_ragusa
b_zaton = c_ragusa
b_slano = c_ragusa
b_mljet = c_ragusa
b_kolocep = c_ragusa
b_sipan = c_ragusa
b_krizevci = c_krizevci
b_koprivnica = c_krizevci
b_osijek = c_krizevci
b_vinkovci = c_krizevci
b_vukovar = c_krizevci
b_durdevac = c_krizevci
b_pozega = c_krizevci
b_virovitica = c_krizevci
b_zagreb = c_zagreb
b_sisak = c_zagreb
b_karlovac = c_zagreb
b_cetin = c_zagreb
b_zrin = c_zagreb
b_dreznik = c_zagreb
b_stenicnjak = c_zagreb
b_ozalj = c_zagreb
b_varazdin = c_varadzin
b_cakovec = c_varadzin
b_ludbreg = c_varadzin
b_lepoglava = c_varadzin
b_toplice = c_varadzin
b_krapina = c_varadzin
b_donjastubica = c_varadzin
b_oroslavje = c_varadzin
b_rama = c_rama
b_samobor = c_rama
b_usice = c_rama
b_borac = c_rama
b_srebrenica = c_rama
b_srebrnik = c_rama
b_zenica = c_rama
b_zvornik = c_rama
b_usora = c_usora
b_banjaluka = c_usora
b_bihac = c_usora
b_jajce = c_usora
b_bocac = c_usora
b_kuljc = c_usora
b_prijedor = c_usora
b_blagaj = c_usora
b_mostar = c_zachlumia
b_duvno = c_zachlumia
b_livno = c_zachlumia
b_capljina = c_zachlumia
b_sirokibrijeg = c_zachlumia
b_ljubuski = c_zachlumia
b_drvar = c_zachlumia
b_neretva = c_zachlumia
b_senj = c_senj
b_kaseg = c_senj
b_brinje = c_senj
b_karlobag = c_senj
b_perusic = c_senj
b_donjilapac = c_senj
b_udbina = c_senj
b_otocac = c_senj
b_veglia = c_veglia
b_krk = c_veglia
b_kraljevica = c_veglia
b_frankopan = c_veglia
b_bakar = c_veglia
b_crikvenica = c_veglia
b_cres = c_veglia
b_vrbovsko = c_veglia
b_split = c_split
b_hvar = c_split
b_trogir = c_split
b_solin = c_split
b_klis = c_split
b_makarska = c_split
b_sinj = c_split
b_imotski = c_split
b_zadar = c_zadar
b_nin = c_zadar
b_knin = c_zadar
b_sibenik = c_zadar
b_novigrad = c_zadar
b_benkovac = c_zadar
b_obrovac = c_zadar
b_pag = c_zadar
b_benevento = c_benevento
b_avellino = c_benevento
b_ascoli = c_benevento
b_montemarono = c_benevento
b_frigento = c_benevento
b_trevico = c_benevento
b_conza = c_benevento
b_sanangelo = c_benevento
b_foggia = c_foggia
b_siponto = c_foggia
b_lucera = c_foggia
b_troia = c_foggia
b_bovino = c_foggia
b_salapla = c_foggia
b_vieste = c_foggia
b_termoli = c_foggia
b_capua = c_capua
b_aquino = c_capua
b_teano = c_capua
b_gaeta = c_capua
b_montecassino = c_capua
b_caserta = c_capua
b_calvi = c_capua
b_acerra = c_capua
b_napoli = c_napoli
b_aversa = c_napoli
b_cumae = c_napoli
b_pozzuoli = c_napoli
b_ischia = c_napoli
b_portici= c_napoli
b_turris_octava= c_napoli
b_afragola= c_napoli
b_melfi = c_apulia
b_trani = c_apulia
b_cannae = c_apulia
b_salapia = c_apulia
b_barletta = c_apulia
b_minervo = c_apulia
b_lavello = c_apulia
b_lucano = c_apulia
b_bari = c_bari
b_conversano = c_bari
b_giovinazzo = c_bari
b_andria = c_bari
b_ruvo = c_bari
b_molietta = c_bari
b_bitonto = c_bari
b_polignano = c_bari
b_lecce = c_lecce
b_otranto = c_lecce
b_brindisi = c_lecce
b_leuca = c_lecce
b_castro = c_lecce
b_ligento = c_lecce
b_andrano = c_lecce
b_oria = c_lecce
b_salerno = c_salerno
b_acenzera = c_salerno
b_eboli = c_salerno
b_nocera = c_salerno
b_acerno = c_salerno
b_lucania = c_salerno
b_agropoli = c_salerno
b_sarno = c_salerno
b_taranto = c_taranto
b_mottola = c_taranto
b_castellaneta = c_taranto
b_tursi = c_taranto
b_montepeloso = c_taranto
b_tricanico = c_taranto
b_gravina = c_taranto
b_cassano = c_taranto
b_amalfi= c_amalfi
b_sorrento= c_amalfi
b_ravello= c_amalfi
b_tramonti= c_amalfi
b_positano= c_amalfi
b_castellamare = c_amalfi
b_capri = c_amalfi
b_minori = c_amalfi
b_cosenza = c_consenza
b_rossano = c_consenza
b_umbriatico = c_consenza
b_strongoli = c_consenza
b_argentano = c_consenza
b_scalea = c_consenza
b_cerenzia = c_consenza
b_crotone = c_consenza
b_reggio = c_reggio
b_mileto = c_reggio
b_nicotera = c_reggio
b_belcastro = c_reggio
b_bova = c_reggio
b_gerace = c_reggio
b_tropea = c_reggio
b_squillace = c_reggio
b_palermo = c_palermo
b_cefalu = c_palermo
b_monreale = c_palermo
b_gratteri = c_palermo
b_caltavuturo = c_palermo
b_petralia = c_palermo
b_misilmeri = c_palermo
b_mistretta = c_palermo
b_messina = c_messina
b_lipari = c_messina
b_taormina = c_messina
b_sanmarcodalunzio = c_messina
b_troinia = c_messina
b_furnari = c_messina
b_cataratti = c_messina
b_torregrota = c_messina
b_syracusa = c_siracusa
b_catania = c_siracusa
b_lentini = c_siracusa
b_noto = c_siracusa
b_caltagirone = c_siracusa
b_paterno = c_siracusa
b_centuripe = c_siracusa
b_augusta = c_siracusa
b_agricento = c_agrigento
b_caltabellotta = c_agrigento
b_butera = c_agrigento
b_sanbiagioplatani = c_agrigento
b_gela = c_agrigento
b_licata = c_agrigento
b_raffadali = c_agrigento
b_montallegro = c_agrigento
b_trapani = c_trapani
b_mazara = c_trapani
b_erice = c_trapani
b_sanguiseppelato = c_trapani
b_castelvertrano = c_trapani
b_santaninfa = c_trapani
b_marsala = c_trapani
b_alcarno = c_trapani
b_mdina = c_malta
b_sliema = c_malta
b_sanpawl = c_malta
b_gozo = c_malta
b_birzebbuga = c_malta
b_marsascala = c_malta
b_mgarr = c_malta
b_sangjilan = c_malta
b_narikala = c_kartli
b_tbilisi = c_kartli
b_svetitskhoveli = c_kartli
b_djvari = c_kartli
b_mtskheta = c_kartli
b_sioni = c_kartli
b_gori = c_kartli
b_bebristsikhe = c_kartli
b_panaskerti = c_tao
b_artanuji = c_tao
b_khakhuli = c_tao
b_khertvisi = c_tao
b_akhaltsikhe = c_tao
b_oshki = c_tao
b_vardzia = c_tao
b_ughtik = c_tao
b_bukistsikhe = c_guria
b_batum = c_guria
b_udabno = c_guria
b_gonio = c_guria
b_ozurgeti = c_guria
b_skhalta = c_guria
b_tsikhisdziri = c_guria
b_khula = c_guria
b_zedazaden = c_kakheti
b_telavi = c_kakheti
b_sighnaghi = c_kakheti
b_dzveligalavani = c_kakheti
b_bochorma = c_kakheti
b_davidgareja = c_kakheti
b_gremi = c_kakheti
b_bodbe = c_kakheti
b_chukhurkabala = c_albania
b_ganja = c_albania
b_shaki = c_albania
b_darussoltan = c_albania
b_barda = c_albania
b_emli = c_albania
b_gelersengorersen = c_albania
b_kabala = c_albania
b_narinkala = c_derbent
b_derbent = c_derbent
b_juma = c_derbent
b_chikkulkan = c_derbent
b_kuli = c_derbent
b_tayus = c_derbent
b_humraj = c_derbent
b_datuna = c_derbent
b_kumukh = c_semender
b_semender = c_semender
b_khattibaku = c_semender
b_khannalkala = c_semender
b_balanjar = c_semender
b_urtseki = c_semender
b_burgaikala = c_semender
b_tarki = c_semender
b_geguti = c_imeretia
b_kutaisi = c_imeretia
b_bagrati = c_imeretia
b_tsikhegoji = c_imeretia
b_khoni = c_imeretia
b_ghelati = c_imeretia
b_lentekhi = c_imeretia
b_motsameta = c_imeretia
b_abaatha = c_abkhazia
b_tskhoumi = c_abkhazia
b_pitsunda = c_abkhazia
b_anakopia = c_abkhazia
b_gagra = c_abkhazia
b_egrisi = c_abkhazia
b_bzyb = c_abkhazia
b_zugdidi = c_abkhazia
b_venezia = c_venezia
b_rialto = c_venezia
b_pallestrina = c_venezia
b_lido = c_venezia
b_jesolo = c_venezia
b_murano = c_venezia
b_torcello = c_venezia
b_fusina = c_venezia
b_treviso = c_treviso
b_bassano = c_treviso
b_oderzo = c_treviso
b_castelfranco = c_treviso
b_asola = c_treviso
b_citadella = c_treviso
b_ceneda = c_treviso
b_paese = c_treviso
b_verona = c_verona
b_vicenza = c_verona
b_sanmartino = c_verona
b_schio = c_verona
b_montecchio = c_verona
b_arzignano = c_verona
b_lonigo = c_verona
b_barbarano = c_verona
b_padova = c_padova
b_este = c_padova
b_polesine = c_padova
b_montagnana = c_padova
b_adria = c_padova
b_chioggia = c_padova
b_rovigo = c_padova
b_vigonza = c_padova
b_mantua = c_mantua
b_serravalle = c_mantua
b_castellucchio = c_mantua
b_gonzaga = c_mantua
b_marmirolo = c_mantua
b_curtatone = c_mantua
b_virgilio = c_mantua
b_bagnolosanvito = c_mantua
b_ivrea = c_piemonte
b_torino = c_piemonte
b_settimo = c_piemonte
b_auriate = c_piemonte
b_novara = c_piemonte
b_ferrero = c_piemonte
b_messarano = c_piemonte
b_crevacuore = c_piemonte
b_saluzzo = c_saluzzo
b_pinerolo = c_saluzzo
b_cuneo = c_saluzzo
b_savigliano = c_saluzzo
b_busca = c_saluzzo
b_paesana = c_saluzzo
b_verzuolo = c_saluzzo
b_caraglio = c_saluzzo
b_monferrato = c_monferrato
b_casale = c_monferrato
b_asti = c_monferrato
b_acqui = c_monferrato
b_tortona = c_monferrato
b_biella = c_monferrato
b_alba = c_monferrato
b_canelli = c_monferrato
b_brescia = c_brescia
b_bergamo = c_brescia
b_peschiera = c_brescia
b_treviglio = c_brescia
b_salo = c_brescia
b_lumezzane = c_brescia
b_montichiari = c_brescia
b_castiglione = c_brescia
b_milano = c_lombardia
b_monza = c_lombardia
b_como = c_lombardia
b_lodi = c_lombardia
b_vigevano = c_lombardia
b_maggiore = c_lombardia
b_legnano = c_lombardia
b_chiavenna = c_lombardia
b_trento = c_trent
b_brixen = c_trent
b_bozen = c_trent
b_meran = c_trent
b_schlanders = c_trent
b_bruneck = c_trent
b_riva = c_trent
b_rovereto = c_trent
b_pavia = c_pavia
b_bobbio = c_pavia
b_piacenza = c_pavia
b_voghera = c_pavia
b_alessandria = c_pavia
b_casteggio = c_pavia
b_colorno = c_pavia
b_montebello = c_pavia
b_cremona = c_cremona
b_crema = c_cremona
b_sospiro = c_cremona
b_vescovato = c_cremona
b_viadana = c_cremona
b_castelgoffredo = c_cremona
b_casalmaggiore = c_cremona
b_manerbio = c_cremona
b_genoa = c_genoa
b_rapallo = c_genoa
b_luna = c_genoa
b_ventimiglia = c_genoa
b_savona = c_genoa
b_chiavari = c_genoa
b_albenga = c_genoa
b_fosdinovo = c_genoa
b_modena = c_modena
b_reggionellemila = c_modena
b_carpi = c_modena
b_mirandola = c_modena
b_novellara = c_modena
b_sabbioneta = c_modena
b_sassuolo = c_modena
b_bomporto = c_modena
b_parma = c_parma
b_massa = c_parma
b_guastalla = c_parma
b_fornovo = c_parma
b_fidenza = c_parma
b_fontanellato = c_parma
b_laspezia = c_parma
b_noceto = c_parma
b_faenza = c_bologna
b_bologna = c_bologna
b_forli = c_bologna
b_imola = c_bologna
b_bentivoglio = c_bologna
b_budno = c_bologna
b_castelguelfo = c_bologna
b_bagnacavallo = c_bologna
b_ferrara = c_ferrara
b_commacchio = c_ferrara
b_tresigallo = c_ferrara
b_occhiobello = c_ferrara
b_copparo = c_ferrara
b_codigoro = c_ferrara
b_bondeno = c_ferrara
b_voghiera = c_ferrara
b_ravenna = c_ravenna
b_cesena = c_ravenna
b_cervia = c_ravenna
b_russi = c_ravenna
b_alfonsine = c_ravenna
b_cesenatico = c_ravenna
b_gambettola = c_ravenna
b_gatteo = c_ravenna
b_lucca = c_lucca
b_pistoia = c_lucca
b_cascina = c_lucca
b_altopascio = c_lucca
b_viareggio = c_lucca
b_seravezza = c_lucca
b_capannori = c_lucca
b_calcinaia = c_lucca
b_firenze = c_firenze
b_arezzo = c_firenze
b_prato = c_firenze
b_fiesole = c_firenze
b_montevarchi = c_firenze
b_certaldo = c_firenze
b_lucignano = c_firenze
b_sansepolcro = c_firenze
b_siena = c_siena
b_cortona = c_siena
b_pienza = c_siena
b_montepulciano = c_siena
b_montalcino = c_siena
b_sangimignano = c_siena
b_colledievaldelsa = c_siena
b_monteriggioni = c_siena
b_pisa = c_pisa
b_livorno = c_pisa
b_canefro = c_pisa
b_volterra = c_pisa
b_vicopisano = c_pisa
b_sanminiato = c_pisa
b_portoferraio = c_pisa
b_giglio = c_pisa
b_piombino = c_piombino
b_suvereto = c_piombino
b_radicofani = c_piombino
b_populonia = c_piombino
b_campiglia = c_piombino
b_follonica = c_piombino
b_sanvincenzo = c_piombino
b_ancona = c_ancona
b_pesaro = c_ancona
b_rimini = c_ancona
b_matelica = c_ancona
b_osimo = c_ancona
b_fermo = c_ancona
b_recanati = c_ancona
b_camerino = c_ancona
b_urbino = c_urbino
b_sanseverino = c_urbino
b_sanmarino = c_urbino
b_montefeltro = c_urbino
b_gubbio = c_urbino
b_fano = c_urbino
b_cittadicastello = c_urbino
b_fossombrone = c_urbino
b_spoleto = c_spoleto
b_perugia = c_spoleto
b_assisi = c_spoleto
b_nursia = c_spoleto
b_todi = c_spoleto
b_valva = c_spoleto
b_terni = c_spoleto
b_foligno = c_spoleto
b_avezzano = c_aprutium
b_pescara = c_aprutium
b_chieti = c_aprutium
b_teramo = c_aprutium
b_atri = c_aprutium
b_aprutium_penne = c_aprutium
b_paganica = c_aprutium
b_aquila = c_aprutium
b_roma = c_roma
b_viterbo = c_roma
b_tusculum = c_roma
b_tivoli = c_roma
b_ostia = c_roma
b_sutri = c_roma
b_aragni = c_roma
b_terracina = c_roma
b_orvieto = c_orvieto
b_narni = c_orvieto
b_alviano = c_orvieto
b_montecastrilli = c_orvieto
b_otricoli = c_orvieto
b_amelia = c_orvieto
b_baschi = c_orvieto
b_ciconia = c_orvieto
b_orbetello = c_orbetello
b_grosseto = c_orbetello
b_pitigliano = c_orbetello
b_roselle = c_orbetello
b_sorano = c_orbetello
b_sovana = c_orbetello
b_vetulonia = c_orbetello
b_rusellae = c_orbetello
b_ajaccio = c_corsica
b_bonifacio = c_corsica
b_bastia = c_corsica
b_portevecchio = c_corsica
b_filitosa = c_corsica
b_corte = c_corsica
b_sartene = c_corsica
b_aleria = c_corsica
b_oristano = c_arborea
b_ardara = c_arborea
b_sassari = c_arborea
b_portotorres = c_arborea
b_olbia = c_arborea
b_ottana = c_arborea
b_tharros = c_arborea
b_santaigia = c_arborea
b_cagliari = c_cagliari
b_ogliastra = c_cagliari
b_assemini = c_cagliari
b_sanluri = c_cagliari
b_muravera = c_cagliari
b_dolianova = c_cagliari
b_carbonia = c_cagliari
b_capoterra = c_cagliari
b_sigtuna = c_uppland
b_uppsala = c_uppland
b_osteras = c_uppland
b_hatuna = c_uppland
b_stockholm = c_uppland
b_enkoping = c_uppland
b_alsno = c_uppland
b_vaksala = c_uppland
b_birka = c_uppland
b_valbo = c_gastrikland
b_hille = c_gastrikland
b_farnebo = c_gastrikland
b_hedesunda = c_gastrikland
b_ockelbo = c_gastrikland
b_torsaker = c_gastrikland
b_hamrange = c_gastrikland
b_arsunda = c_gastrikland
b_kastelholm = c_aland
b_sund = c_aland
b_geta = c_aland
b_saltvik = c_aland
b_godby = c_aland
b_finstrom = c_aland
b_eckero = c_aland
b_kumlinge = c_aland
b_nykoping = c_sodermanland
b_telge = c_sodermanland
b_gripsholm = c_sodermanland
b_strangnas = c_sodermanland
b_torshalla = c_sodermanland
b_eskilstuna = c_sodermanland
b_vaderbrunn = c_sodermanland
b_hundhamra = c_sodermanland
b_stegeborg = c_ostergotland
b_skanninge = c_ostergotland
b_vadstena = c_ostergotland
b_linkoping = c_ostergotland
b_norrkoping = c_ostergotland
b_soderkoping = c_ostergotland
b_alvastra = c_ostergotland
b_vreta = c_ostergotland
b_nasborg = c_ostergotland
b_jonkoping = c_ostergotland
b_vastervik = c_tjust
b_vimmerby = c_tjust
b_doderhult = c_tjust
b_hulingsryd = c_tjust
b_tornsfall = c_tjust
b_kisa = c_tjust
b_jangolsrum = c_tjust
b_visby = c_gotland
b_visborg = c_gotland
b_slite = c_gotland
b_geatish_roma = c_gotland
b_hejde = c_gotland
b_othem = c_gotland
b_alva = c_gotland
b_hemse = c_gotland
b_galakvist = c_vastergotland
b_lodose = c_vastergotland
b_skara = c_vastergotland
b_falkoping = c_vastergotland
b_ymseborg = c_vastergotland
b_husaby = c_vastergotland
b_varnhem = c_vastergotland
b_lacko = c_vastergotland
b_goksholm = c_narke
b_orebro = c_narke
b_mosas = c_narke
b_kumla = c_narke
b_riseberga = c_narke
b_nora = c_narke
b_askersund = c_narke
b_hallsberg = c_narke
b_dalaborg = c_dal
b_bolstad = c_dal
b_sundal = c_dal
b_nordal = c_dal
b_vedbo = c_dal
b_tossbo = c_dal
b_amordh = c_dal
b_mellerud = c_dal
b_lycksele = c_lappland
b_asele = c_lappland
b_sorsele = c_lappland
b_arvidsjaur = c_lappland
b_bergvattnet = c_lappland
b_arjeplog = c_lappland
b_gallivare = c_lappland
b_kiruna = c_lappland
b_umea = c_vasterbotten
b_bygdea = c_vasterbotten
b_skelleftea = c_vasterbotten
b_lovanger = c_vasterbotten
b_pitea = c_vasterbotten
b_lulea = c_vasterbotten
b_kalix = c_vasterbotten
b_tornea = c_vasterbotten
b_bjartra = c_angermanland
b_ulvo = c_angermanland
b_natra = c_angermanland
b_skulnas = c_angermanland
b_solleftea = c_angermanland
b_harnosand = c_angermanland
b_ornskoldsvik = c_angermanland
b_biedsta = c_angermanland
b_selanger = c_medelpad
b_alno = c_medelpad
b_njurunda = c_medelpad
b_skon = c_medelpad
b_liden = c_medelpad
b_otman = c_medelpad
b_torp = c_medelpad
b_sundsvall = c_medelpad
b_norrala = c_halsingland
b_hog = c_halsingland
b_jattendal = c_halsingland
b_forsa = c_halsingland
b_tasta = c_halsingland
b_nordanstig = c_halsingland
b_alir = c_halsingland
b_sundhed = c_halsingland
b_borganas = c_dalarna
b_kopparberg = c_dalarna
b_hedemora = c_dalarna
b_husby = c_dalarna
b_sater = c_dalarna
b_mora = c_dalarna
b_tuna = c_dalarna
b_idre = c_dalarna
b_saxholm = c_varmland
b_arvika = c_varmland
b_josse = c_varmland
b_nordmark = c_varmland
b_fryksdal = c_varmland
b_kil = c_varmland
b_vase = c_varmland
b_gillberg = c_varmland
b_vasteras = c_vastmanland
b_arboga = c_vastmanland
b_kopingshus = c_vastmanland
b_koping = c_vastmanland
b_norberg = c_vastmanland
b_skinnskatteberg = c_vastmanland
b_badelunda = c_vastmanland
b_munktorp = c_vastmanland
b_kalmar = c_more
b_kalmar_hus = c_more
b_torsas = c_more
b_soderakra = c_more
b_monsteras = c_more
b_madesjo = c_more
b_alem = c_more
b_piksborg = c_smaland
b_vaxjo = c_smaland
b_aringsas = c_smaland
b_alvesta = c_smaland
b_kronoberg = c_smaland
b_furuby = c_smaland
b_markaryd= c_smaland
b_borgholm = c_oland
b_ottenby = c_oland
b_mykleby = c_oland
b_algutsrum = c_oland
b_glomminge = c_oland
b_hulterstad = c_oland
b_gardby = c_oland
b_gronhogen = c_oland
b_kopingsvik = c_oland
b_lund = c_skane
b_dalby = c_skane
b_uppakra = c_skane
b_herrevad = c_skane
b_lillohus = c_skane
b_helsingborg = c_skane
b_malmo = c_skane
b_ystad = c_skane
b_trelleborg = c_skane
b_varberg = c_halland
b_falkenberg = c_halland
b_halmstad = c_halland
b_laholm = c_halland
b_kungsbacka = c_halland
b_aranaes = c_halland
b_baastad = c_halland
b_getinge = c_halland
b_ronne = c_bornholm
b_knudsker = c_bornholm
b_hammershus = c_bornholm
b_nexo = c_bornholm
b_aakirkeby = c_bornholm
b_hasle = c_bornholm
b_svaneke = c_bornholm
b_gudhjem = c_bornholm
b_solvesborg_slott = c_blekinge
b_solvesborg = c_blekinge
b_avaskar = c_blekinge
b_elleholm = c_blekinge
b_lycka = c_blekinge
b_ronneby = c_blekinge
b_lyckeby = c_blekinge
b_lister = c_blekinge
b_kobenhavn = c_sjaelland
b_roskilde = c_sjaelland
b_helsingor = c_sjaelland
b_kalundborg = c_sjaelland
b_naestved = c_sjaelland
b_slagelse = c_sjaelland
b_vordingborg = c_sjaelland
b_ringsted = c_sjaelland
b_lejre = c_sjaelland
b_svendborg = c_fyn
b_odense = c_fyn
b_faaborg = c_fyn
b_assens = c_fyn
b_middelfart = c_fyn
b_nyborg = c_fyn
b_kerteminde = c_fyn
b_bogense = c_fyn
b_flensborg = c_slesvig
b_ribe = c_slesvig
b_slesvig = c_slesvig
b_sonderborg = c_slesvig
b_tonder = c_slesvig
b_aabenraa = c_slesvig
b_haderslev = c_slesvig
b_kolding = c_slesvig
b_hedeby = c_slesvig
b_aarhus = c_jylland
b_viborg = c_jylland
b_aalborg = c_jylland
b_ringkobing = c_jylland
b_randers = c_jylland
b_horsens = c_jylland
b_skive = c_jylland
b_skagen = c_jylland
b_jelling = c_jylland
b_hamburg = c_hamburg
b_altona = c_hamburg
b_harburg = c_hamburg
b_brunsbuttel = c_hamburg
b_buxtehude = c_hamburg
b_dithmarschen = c_hamburg
b_niendorf = c_hamburg
b_lokstedt = c_hamburg
b_lubeck = c_lubeck
b_ratzeburg = c_lubeck
b_travemunde = c_lubeck
b_wulfsdorf = c_lubeck
b_schlutup = c_lubeck
b_starigard = c_lubeck
b_weslo = c_lubeck
b_bucu = c_lubeck
b_kiel = c_holstein
b_gottorp = c_holstein
b_itzehoe = c_holstein
b_reinholdsburg = c_holstein
b_elmshorn = c_holstein
b_gluckstadt = c_holstein
b_lauenburg = c_holstein
b_segeberg = c_holstein
b_bremen = c_bremen
b_hoya = c_bremen
b_verden = c_bremen
b_stade = c_bremen
b_blumenthal = c_bremen
b_ritzebuttel = c_bremen
b_achim = c_bremen
b_beverstedt = c_bremen
b_reykjavik = c_vestisland
b_alftanes = c_vestisland
b_skalholt = c_vestisland
b_pingvellir = c_vestisland
b_kjalarnes = c_vestisland
b_hlidarendi = c_vestisland
b_hvamm = c_vestisland
b_borg = c_vestisland
b_husavik = c_austisland
b_hrisey = c_austisland
b_holar = c_austisland
b_glaumbaer = c_austisland
b_valpjotstadur = c_austisland
b_akureyri = c_austisland
b_kirkjubaer = c_austisland
b_goddalir = c_austisland
b_skansin = c_faereyar
b_torshavn = c_faereyar
b_kirkjubour = c_faereyar
b_funningur = c_faereyar
b_kvivik = c_faereyar
b_sandur = c_faereyar
b_klaksvik = c_faereyar
b_hov = c_faereyar
b_scalloway = c_shetland
b_muness = c_shetland
b_tingwall = c_shetland
b_cunningsburgh = c_shetland
b_sumburgh = c_shetland
b_northmavine = c_shetland
b_sound = c_shetland
b_yell = c_shetland
b_kirkwall = c_orkney
b_birsay = c_orkney
b_orphir = c_orkney
b_westray = c_orkney
b_wyre = c_orkney
b_egilsay = c_orkney
b_sanday = c_orkney
b_ronaldsay = c_orkney
b_iveland = c_agder
b_flekkefjord = c_agder
b_hylestad = c_agder
b_grimstad = c_agder
b_visedal = c_agder
b_horga = c_agder
b_holt = c_agder
b_sirdal = c_agder
b_eikundarsund = c_rogaland
b_stavanger = c_rogaland
b_roldal = c_rogaland
b_naerbo = c_rogaland
b_klepp = c_rogaland
b_bygdeborg = c_rogaland
b_hesby  = c_rogaland
b_jonegarden = c_rogaland
b_skien = c_telemark
b_eidsborg = c_telemark
b_fredriksten = c_telemark
b_hitterdals = c_telemark
b_seljord = c_telemark
b_fyresdal = c_telemark
b_grenland = c_telemark
b_gimsoy = c_telemark
b_bergenhus = c_bergenshus
b_kinsarvik = c_bergenshus
b_bergen = c_bergenshus
b_vik = c_bergenshus
b_hove = c_bergenshus
b_aurland = c_bergenshus
b_ask = c_bergenshus
b_fedje = c_bergenshus
b_kaupang = c_vestfold
b_skiringssal = c_vestfold
b_uvdal = c_vestfold
b_nore = c_vestfold
b_tonsberg = c_vestfold
b_arendall = c_vestfold
b_re = c_vestfold
b_horten = c_vestfold
b_akershus = c_akershus
b_oslo = c_akershus
b_bergheim = c_akershus
b_eidsvoll = c_akershus
b_nes = c_akershus
b_isegran = c_akershus
b_jessheim = c_akershus
b_baerum = c_akershus
b_bagahus = c_viken
b_kungahalla = c_viken
b_svarteborg = c_viken
b_svenneby = c_viken
b_ockero = c_viken
b_hede = c_viken
b_marstrand = c_viken
b_kungsviken = c_viken
b_lillehammer = c_oppland
b_dovre = c_oppland
b_favang = c_oppland
b_lom = c_oppland
b_oyer = c_oppland
b_slidre = c_oppland
b_flesberg = c_oppland
b_garmo = c_oppland
b_hamarhus = c_hedmark
b_elverum = c_hedmark
b_hamar = c_hedmark
b_kongsvinger = c_hedmark
b_vang = c_hedmark
b_loten = c_hedmark
b_stange = c_hedmark
b_eidskog = c_hedmark
b_nidaros = c_trondelag
b_trondheim = c_trondelag
b_audunborg = c_trondelag
b_steinvikholm = c_trondelag
b_sverresborg = c_trondelag
b_borgund = c_trondelag
b_austratt = c_trondelag
b_haltalen = c_trondelag
b_tinghaugen = c_naumadal
b_lade = c_naumadal
b_logtun = c_naumadal
b_levanger = c_naumadal
b_hegra = c_naumadal
b_maere = c_naumadal
b_leksvik = c_naumadal
b_halsstein = c_naumadal
b_somna = c_halogaland
b_bindal = c_halogaland
b_veiga = c_halogaland
b_brunnoy = c_halogaland
b_hattfjelldalen = c_halogaland
b_lein = c_halogaland
b_mosjoen = c_halogaland
b_alstahaug = c_halogaland
b_varghoeya = c_finnmark
b_vardohus = c_finnmark
b_ostervagen = c_finnmark
b_malangen = c_finnmark
b_hammerfest = c_finnmark
b_karsloy = c_finnmark
b_piselvnes = c_finnmark
b_tromso = c_finnmark
b_rost = c_nordland
b_kabelvag = c_nordland
b_bodo = c_nordland
b_narvik = c_nordland
b_rodoy = c_nordland
b_andenes = c_nordland
b_beiarn = c_nordland
b_harstad = c_nordland
b_mjalleborgen = c_jamtland
b_husan = c_jamtland
b_vasterhus = c_jamtland
b_sveg = c_herjedalen
b_hogvalen = c_herjedalen
b_tannas = c_herjedalen
b_kola = c_kola
b_mafelskoi = c_kola
b_pechenga = c_kola
b_waranger = c_kola
b_tre = c_kola
b_lovozero = c_kola
b_molovskoi = c_kola
b_jekanskoi = c_kola
b_kantalahti = c_kandalax
b_umba = c_kandalax
b_varzuga = c_kandalax
b_lekastrom = c_kandalax
b_sarapo = c_kandalax
b_kolsky = c_kandalax
b_ponoy = c_kandalax
b_pyaozero = c_kandalax
b_kemi = c_kemi
b_neiden = c_kemi
b_rovaniemi = c_kemi
b_inari = c_kemi
b_tornio = c_kemi
b_kemijarvi = c_kemi
b_utsjoki = c_kemi
b_savukoski = c_kemi
b_reval = c_reval
b_hapsal = c_reval
b_toompea = c_reval
b_leal = c_reval
b_borpeal = c_reval
b_laane = c_reval
b_pades = c_reval
b_parnaw = c_reval
b_narva = c_narva
b_agelinde = c_narva
b_wesenberg = c_narva
b_telsborg = c_narva
b_pudiviru = c_narva
b_askala = c_narva
b_repel = c_narva
b_alentagh = c_narva
b_nyen = c_vodi
b_noteborg = c_vodi
b_valaam = c_vodi
b_jogopera = c_vodi
b_ivanovskaya = c_vodi
b_nosok = c_vodi
b_liivtsula = c_vodi
b_khotchino = c_vodi
b_gaujiena = c_lettigalians
b_kokenois = c_lettigalians
b_uxkull = c_lettigalians
b_wenden = c_lettigalians
b_wolmer = c_lettigalians
b_lemisele = c_lettigalians
b_seswegen = c_lettigalians
b_salaspils = c_livs
b_haapsalu = c_livs
b_lihula = c_livs
b_parnu = c_livs
b_martna = c_livs
b_kullamaa = c_livs
b_karuse = c_livs
b_pooravere = c_livs
b_piirsalu = c_livs
b_tartu = c_dorpat
b_jarva = c_dorpat
b_fellin = c_dorpat
b_odenpah = c_dorpat
b_lais = c_dorpat
b_vastseliina = c_dorpat
b_kirrumpa = c_dorpat
b_vanakastre = c_dorpat
b_kuressare = c_osel
b_hiiumaa = c_osel
b_muhu = c_osel
b_valjala = c_osel
b_poide = c_osel
b_leisi = c_osel
b_orisaare = c_osel
b_kaarma = c_osel
b_olavinlinna = c_savolaks
b_mikkeli = c_savolaks
b_savitaipale = c_savolaks
b_sotkamo = c_savolaks
b_brahelinna = c_savolaks
b_iisalmi = c_savolaks
b_kuopio = c_savolaks
b_sysma = c_savolaks
b_ust-onega = c_onega
b_aunus = c_onega
b_kondopoga = c_onega
b_pudoga = c_onega
b_petrozavodsk = c_onega
b_segezha = c_onega
b_medvezhyegorsk = c_onega
b_pryazha = c_onega
b_kem = c_karelen
b_sordavala = c_karelen
b_kalevala = c_karelen
b_soroka = c_karelen
b_loukhi = c_karelen
b_kostomuksha = c_karelen
b_muezersky = c_karelen
b_pitkyaranta = c_karelen
b_antrea = c_kexholm
b_raivola = c_kexholm
b_kakisalmi = c_kexholm
b_jekaborg = c_kexholm
b_koivisto= c_kexholm
b_toksovo = c_kexholm
b_terijoki = c_kexholm
b_taipale = c_kexholm
b_porvoo = c_nyland
b_raseborg = c_nyland
b_espoo = c_nyland
b_siuntio = c_nyland
b_svartholm = c_nyland
b_hanko = c_nyland
b_lohja = c_nyland
b_helsinge = c_nyland
b_kuusisto  = c_finland
b_turku  = c_finland
b_naantali = c_finland
b_rikala  = c_finland
b_rauma  = c_finland
b_jukarsborg  = c_finland
b_lieto  = c_finland
b_stenberga  = c_finland
b_hameenlinna = c_tavasts
b_lahti = c_tavasts
b_vanaja = c_tavasts
b_mattila = c_tavasts
b_harviala = c_tavasts
b_vesilahti = c_tavasts
b_hattula = c_tavasts
b_haikonen = c_tavasts
b_ulvila = c_satakunta
b_liinmaa = c_satakunta
b_kiukainen = c_satakunta
b_pori = c_satakunta
b_telja = c_satakunta
b_hahlo = c_satakunta
b_kankaanpaa = c_satakunta
b_hiittenharju = c_satakunta
b_oulu = c_osterbotten
b_nykarleby = c_osterbotten
b_kristinestad = c_osterbotten
b_korsholm = c_osterbotten
b_liminka = c_osterbotten
b_kalajoki = c_osterbotten
b_jakobstad = c_osterbotten
b_veteli = c_osterbotten
b_plock = c_plock
b_pruszkow = c_plock
b_warszawa = c_plock
b_ostroleka = c_plock
b_pultusk = c_plock
b_plonsk = c_plock
b_ciechanow = c_plock
b_wyszkow = c_plock
b_czersk = c_czersk
b_radom = c_czersk
b_garwolin = c_czersk
b_siedlce = c_czersk
b_losice = c_czersk
b_gorzno = c_czersk
b_borowie = c_czersk
b_grojec = c_czersk
b_lubusz = c_lubusz
b_mysliborz = c_lubusz
b_kostrzyn = c_lubusz
b_cedynia = c_lubusz
b_pryzyce = c_lubusz
b_sulecin = c_lubusz
b_santok = c_lubusz
b_zielonagora = c_lubusz
b_gniezno = c_gnieznienskie
b_lekno = c_gnieznienskie
b_znin = c_gnieznienskie
b_giecz = c_gnieznienskie
b_wagrowiec = c_gnieznienskie
b_naklo = c_gnieznienskie
b_wyszo = c_gnieznienskie
b_pyzdry = c_gnieznienskie
b_poznan = c_poznanskie
b_obrzycko = c_poznanskie
b_czarkow = c_poznanskie
b_miedryrzecz = c_poznanskie
b_drzen = c_poznanskie
b_zbaszyn = c_poznanskie
b_strarygrode = c_poznanskie
b_srem = c_poznanskie
b_kalisz = c_kaliskie
b_krotoszyn = c_kaliskie
b_jarocin = c_kaliskie
b_ostrowielkopolski = c_kaliskie
b_konin = c_kaliskie
b_pieszew = c_kaliskie
b_rawick = c_kaliskie
b_tureck = c_kaliskie
b_glogow = c_lower_silesia
b_legnica = c_lower_silesia
b_krosno = c_lower_silesia
b_jawor = c_lower_silesia
b_lwowek = c_lower_silesia
b_swidnica = c_lower_silesia
b_boleslawiec = c_lower_silesia
b_zagan = c_lower_silesia
b_wroclaw = c_upper_silesia
b_brzeg = c_upper_silesia
b_zmigrod = c_upper_silesia
b_milicz = c_upper_silesia
b_olesnica = c_upper_silesia
b_nysa = c_upper_silesia
b_niemcza = c_upper_silesia
b_henrykow = c_upper_silesia
b_opole = c_opole
b_czestochowa = c_opole
b_kozle = c_opole
b_strzelce = c_opole
b_lelow = c_opole
b_olezno = c_opole
b_raciborz = c_opole
b_namyslow = c_opole
b_cieszyn = c_cieszyn
b_oswiecim = c_cieszyn
b_jabloskow = c_cieszyn
b_skoczow = c_cieszyn
b_goleszow = c_cieszyn
b_ustron = c_cieszyn
b_bielskobiala = c_cieszyn
b_zebrydowice = c_cieszyn
b_krakow = c_krakowskie
b_jedrzejow = c_krakowskie
b_tarnow = c_krakowskie
b_kielce = c_krakowskie
b_brzesko = c_krakowskie
b_chrzanow = c_krakowskie
b_olkusz = c_krakowskie
b_skawina = c_krakowskie
b_nowysacz = c_sacz
b_gorlice = c_sacz
b_szczyrzycz = c_sacz
b_zakopane = c_sacz
b_grybow = c_sacz
b_brzozow = c_sacz
b_limanowa = c_sacz
b_jasto = c_sacz
b_sandomierz = c_sandomierskie
b_koprzywnica = c_sandomierskie
b_zawichost = c_sandomierskie
b_dwikozy = c_sandomierskie
b_klimontow = c_sandomierskie
b_loniow = c_sandomierskie
b_samborzec = c_sandomierskie
b_wilczyce = c_sandomierskie
b_sieradz = c_sieradzko-leczyckie
b_radomsko = c_sieradzko-leczyckie
b_leczyka = c_sieradzko-leczyckie
b_warta = c_sieradzko-leczyckie
b_sochaczew = c_sieradzko-leczyckie
b_piotrkow = c_sieradzko-leczyckie
b_wachock = c_sieradzko-leczyckie
b_blaski = c_sieradzko-leczyckie
b_inowroclaw = c_kujawy
b_kruszwica = c_kujawy
b_radziejow = c_kujawy
b_brzesckujawskie = c_kujawy
b_bydgoszcz = c_kujawy
b_topolka = c_kujawy
b_wlocawek = c_kujawy
b_lubanie = c_kujawy
b_mecklemburg = c_mecklemburg
b_wismar = c_mecklemburg
b_gevezin = c_mecklemburg
b_schwerin = c_mecklemburg
b_lutzow = c_mecklemburg
b_grevesmuhlen = c_mecklemburg
b_parchim = c_mecklemburg
b_hagenow = c_mecklemburg
b_rostock = c_rostock
b_penzlin = c_rostock
b_gustrow = c_rostock
b_malchin = c_rostock
b_damgarten = c_rostock
b_strelitz = c_rostock
b_stargard = c_rostock
b_ahrensberg = c_rostock
b_waren = c_werle
b_greifswald = c_werle
b_stralsund = c_werle
b_tribsees = c_werle
b_demmin = c_werle
b_treptow = c_werle
b_friedland = c_werle
b_templin = c_werle
b_charenza = c_rugen
b_arkona = c_rugen
b_rugard = c_rugen
b_putbus = c_rugen
b_barth = c_rugen
b_ralswiek = c_rugen
b_hiddensee = c_rugen
b_tribuzin = c_rugen
b_wolgast = c_wolgast
b_usedom = c_wolgast
b_anklam = c_wolgast
b_ueckermunde = c_wolgast
b_zinnowitz = c_wolgast
b_zussow = c_wolgast
b_kemnitz = c_wolgast
b_eggesin = c_wolgast
b_soldin = c_stettin
b_stettin = c_stettin
b_wollin = c_stettin
b_stestargard = c_stettin
b_kammin = c_stettin
b_kolbatz = c_stettin
b_cedene = c_stettin
b_pyritz = c_stettin
b_bytow = c_danzig
b_danzig = c_danzig
b_oliva = c_danzig
b_tuchel = c_danzig
b_schwetz = c_danzig
b_danlauenburg = c_danzig
b_mewe = c_danzig
b_schlochau = c_danzig
b_rugenwalde = c_slupsk
b_slupsk = c_slupsk
b_colberg = c_slupsk
b_schlawe = c_slupsk
b_tempelburg = c_slupsk
b_dramburg = c_slupsk
b_ustka = c_slupsk
b_belgard = c_slupsk
b_zerbst = c_anhalt
b_magdeburg = c_anhalt
b_haldensleben = c_anhalt
b_mansfeld = c_anhalt
b_dessau = c_anhalt
b_arnstein = c_anhalt
b_querfurt = c_anhalt
b_bernburg = c_anhalt
b_plauen = c_plauen
b_leipzig = c_plauen
b_merseburg = c_plauen
b_halle = c_plauen
b_knobelsdorf = c_plauen
b_zeitz = c_plauen
b_zwickau = c_plauen
b_naumburg = c_plauen
b_weimar = c_weimar
b_jena = c_weimar
b_walkenried = c_weimar
b_nordhausen = c_weimar
b_memelsen = c_weimar
b_gotha = c_weimar
b_apoldoa = c_weimar
b_gera = c_weimar
b_werben = c_altmark
b_halberstedt = c_altmark
b_walbeck = c_altmark
b_luchow = c_altmark
b_salzwedel = c_altmark
b_stendal = c_altmark
b_osterburg = c_altmark
b_tangermunde = c_altmark
b_brandenburg = c_brandenburg
b_havelberg = c_brandenburg
b_berlin = c_brandenburg
b_juterborg = c_brandenburg
b_belzig = c_brandenburg
b_ruppin = c_brandenburg
b_oranienburg = c_brandenburg
b_muncheberg = c_brandenburg
b_dresden = c_meissen
b_meissen = c_meissen
b_dohna = c_meissen
b_belgern = c_meissen
b_strehla = c_meissen
b_rabenau = c_meissen
b_wettin = c_meissen
b_radeburg = c_meissen
b_gorlitz = c_lausitz
b_bautzen = c_lausitz
b_lebus = c_lausitz
b_cottbus = c_lausitz
b_rothenburg = c_lausitz
b_forst = c_lausitz
b_zittau = c_lausitz
b_luckau = c_lausitz
b_marienburg = c_marienburg
b_braunsberg = c_marienburg
b_elbing = c_marienburg
b_christburg = c_marienburg
b_heilsberg = c_marienburg
b_bartenstein = c_marienburg
b_marienwerder = c_marienburg
b_balga = c_marienburg
b_angerburg = c_galindia
b_osterode = c_galindia
b_nikelshagen = c_galindia
b_gilgenburg = c_galindia
b_treuburg = c_galindia
b_hohenstein = c_galindia
b_neidenburg = c_galindia
b_wielbark = c_galindia
b_konigsberg = c_sambia
b_fischhausen = c_sambia
b_sambrandenburg = c_sambia
b_tapiau = c_sambia
b_labiau = c_sambia
b_frombork = c_sambia
b_wiskiauten = c_sambia
b_cranz = c_sambia
b_chelmno = c_chelminskie
b_kulm = c_chelminskie
b_thorn = c_chelminskie
b_niedenburg = c_chelminskie
b_rehden = c_chelminskie
b_lobau = c_chelminskie
b_eylau = c_chelminskie
b_briesen = c_chelminskie
b_polotsk = c_polotsk
b_braslaw = c_polotsk
b_dzisna = c_polotsk
b_miory = c_polotsk
b_rasony = c_polotsk
b_pastavy = c_polotsk
b_myadzel = c_polotsk
b_lepiel = c_lepiel
b_chashniki = c_lepiel
b_novolukoml = c_lepiel
b_erle = c_west_dvina
b_jersika = c_west_dvina
b_kreuzburg = c_west_dvina
b_daugavpils = c_west_dvina
b_balvi = c_west_dvina
b_rezekne = c_west_dvina
b_kraslava = c_west_dvina
b_vilaka = c_west_dvina
b_varakjani = c_west_dvina
b_ludza = c_west_dvina
b_kaunas = c_aukshayts
b_vilnius = c_aukshayts
b_lida = c_aukshayts
b_utena = c_aukshayts
b_kernave = c_aukshayts
b_bralaus = c_aukshayts
b_kreva = c_aukshayts
b_zirmunai = c_aukshayts
b_vilkaviskis = c_sudovia
b_suvalkai = c_sudovia
b_trakai = c_sudovia
b_hrodna = c_sudovia
b_raiziai = c_sudovia
b_augustavas = c_sudovia
b_seiniai = c_sudovia
b_merkine = c_sudovia
b_lyck = c_yatvyagi
b_johannisburg = c_yatvyagi
b_eckersberg = c_yatvyagi
b_druskininkai = c_yatvyagi
b_yatvarena = c_yatvyagi
b_valkininkai = c_yatvyagi
b_lotzen = c_yatvyagi
b_gailen = c_yatvyagi
b_jacwiez = c_jacwiez
b_novogrudok = c_jacwiez
b_grodno = c_jacwiez
b_iuje = c_jacwiez
b_slonim = c_jacwiez
b_mir = c_jacwiez
b_niasvizh = c_jacwiez
b_zirmuny = c_jacwiez
b_drohiczyn = c_podlasie
b_kolno = c_podlasie
b_sejny = c_podlasie
b_lomza = c_podlasie
b_tykocin = c_podlasie
b_zambrow = c_podlasie
b_lapy = c_podlasie
b_krynki = c_podlasie
b_riga = c_zemigalians
b_bauska = c_zemigalians
b_skaistkalne = c_zemigalians
b_mezotne = c_zemigalians
b_cruczeborch = c_zemigalians
b_selpils = c_zemigalians
b_remigala = c_zemigalians
b_jelgava = c_zemigalians
b_grobin = c_kurs
b_piltene = c_kurs
b_ventava = c_kurs
b_vanemane = c_kurs
b_duvzare = c_kurs
b_megava = c_kurs
b_bandava = c_kurs
b_ceklis = c_kurs
b_dungada = c_kurs
b_ragnit = c_scalovia
b_russ = c_scalovia
b_jurgaiten = c_scalovia
b_jomsberg = c_scalovia
b_tilgit = c_scalovia
b_splitter = c_scalovia
b_strewa = c_scalovia
b_skomanten = c_scalovia
b_memel = c_memel
b_kretingale = c_memel
b_gargzdai = c_memel
b_kaup = c_memel
b_juodkrante = c_memel
b_nida = c_memel
b_dreverna = c_memel
b_palanga = c_memel
b_raseiniai = c_zhmud
b_jurbarkas = c_zhmud
b_varviai = c_zhmud
b_taurage = c_zhmud
b_kraziai = c_zhmud
b_upyte = c_zhmud
b_panemune = c_zhmud
b_joniskis = c_zhmud
b_pisek = c_domazlice
b_kladruby = c_domazlice
b_budejovice = c_domazlice
b_domazlice = c_domazlice
b_hohenfurth = c_domazlice
b_rosenberg = c_domazlice
b_goldenkron = c_domazlice
b_sobeslav = c_domazlice
b_praha = c_praha
b_brevnov = c_praha
b_kuttenberg = c_praha
b_karlstein = c_praha
b_slany = c_praha
b_kolin = c_praha
b_stare_mesto = c_praha
b_zbraslav = c_praha
b_glatz = c_boleslav
b_nachod = c_boleslav
b_hradiste = c_boleslav
b_jicin = c_boleslav
b_trutnov = c_boleslav
b_kamieniec = c_boleslav
b_jaromer = c_boleslav
b_turnov = c_boleslav
b_usti = c_litomerice
b_zatec = c_litomerice
b_jachymov = c_litomerice
b_kadan = c_litomerice
b_ceskalipa = c_litomerice
b_duchcov = c_litomerice
b_chomutov = c_litomerice
b_osek = c_litomerice
b_plzen = c_plzen
b_stribo = c_plzen
b_rokycany = c_plzen
b_plasy = c_plzen
b_pomuk = c_plzen
b_susice = c_plzen
b_tachov = c_plzen
b_cheb = c_plzen
b_hradeckralove = c_hradec
b_pardubice = c_hradec
b_litomysl = c_hradec
b_zamberk = c_hradec
b_policka = c_hradec
b_jihlava = c_hradec
b_pelhrimov = c_hradec
b_chrudim = c_hradec
b_opava = c_olomouc
b_olomouc = c_olomouc
b_sternberk = c_olomouc
b_ostrava = c_olomouc
b_zabreh = c_olomouc
b_moravskatrebova = c_olomouc
b_zdar = c_olomouc
b_unicov = c_olomouc
b_boskovice = c_brno
b_prerov = c_brno
b_velehrad = c_brno
b_wisowitz = c_brno
b_uherskebrod = c_brno
b_uherskehradiste = c_brno
b_kromeriz = c_brno
b_zlin = c_brno
b_belozersk = c_beloozero
b_kirillobelozersky = c_beloozero
b_fedosyevo = c_beloozero
b_babayevo = c_beloozero
b_kinilov = c_beloozero
b_kaduy = c_beloozero
b_khoklovo = c_beloozero
b_glushkovo = c_beloozero
b_zarechnaya = c_zaozerye
b_nazankha = c_zaozerye
b_kharovsk = c_zaozerye
b_afoninskaya = c_zaozerye
b_borisovskaya = c_zaozerye
b_konechnaya = c_zaozerye
b_pashuchikha = c_zaozerye
b_bolshaya = c_zaozerye
b_totma = c_chud
b_krbor = c_chud
b_kamchuga = c_chud
b_chunlovka = c_chud
b_zalese = c_chud
b_krutayaosyp = c_chud
b_veldvor = c_chud
b_zaytsevo = c_chud
b_bezhetsk = c_bezhetsky_verh
b_spasnakholmu = c_bezhetsky_verh
b_sonkovo = c_bezhetsky_verh
b_kyasovagora = c_bezhetsky_verh
b_maksatikha = c_bezhetsky_verh
b_molokovo = c_bezhetsky_verh
b_rameshki = c_bezhetsky_verh
b_obrosovo = c_bezhetsky_verh
b_yamskygorodok = c_torzhok
b_shcheremenski = c_torzhok
b_kingisepp = c_torzhok
b_volosovo = c_torzhok
b_konnovo = c_torzhok
b_vistino = c_torzhok
b_komarovka = c_torzhok
b_vassakara = c_torzhok
b_borovichi = c_novgorod
b_novgorod = c_novgorod
b_tikhvin = c_novgorod
b_chudovo = c_novgorod
b_okulovka = c_novgorod
b_boldorki = c_novgorod
b_pestovo = c_novgorod
b_luga = c_novgorod
b_staryarussa = c_toropets
b_valday = c_toropets
b_toropets = c_toropets
b_demyansk = c_toropets
b_shimsk = c_toropets
b_dno = c_toropets
b_lychkovo = c_toropets
b_kresttsy = c_toropets
b_ostrov = c_pskov
b_pskov = c_pskov
b_pechory = c_pskov
b_gdov = c_pskov
b_porkhov = c_pskov
b_dedovichi = c_pskov
b_svyatogorki = c_pskov
b_soltchi = c_pskov
b_velikiyeluki = c_velikiye_luki
b_sebezh = c_velikiye_luki
b_nevel = c_velikiye_luki
b_opochka = c_velikiye_luki
b_bely = c_velikiye_luki
b_usvyaty = c_velikiye_luki
b_loknya = c_velikiye_luki
b_staryatoropa = c_velikiye_luki
b_pereyaslavlzalessky = c_pereyaslavl_zalessky
b_sergiyevposad = c_pereyaslavl_zalessky
b_aleksandrov = c_pereyaslavl_zalessky
b_strunino = c_pereyaslavl_zalessky
b_karabanovo = c_pereyaslavl_zalessky
b_kubrinsk = c_pereyaslavl_zalessky
b_kupanskoye = c_pereyaslavl_zalessky
b_khmelniki = c_pereyaslavl_zalessky
b_sarskoyegorodishche = c_rostov
b_spasoyakovlevsky = c_rostov
b_rostov = c_rostov
b_petrovskoye = c_rostov
b_gavrilovyam = c_rostov
b_borisoglebsky = c_rostov
b_karash = c_rostov
b_shurskol = c_rostov
b_uglich = c_uglich
b_pertoma = c_uglich
b_kashin = c_uglich
b_kalyazin = c_uglich
b_ustscheksna = c_uglich
b_myshkin = c_uglich
b_tikhmenevo = c_uglich
b_novynekouz = c_uglich
b_tver = c_tver
b_torzhok = c_tver
b_ostashkov = c_tver
b_bezhichi = c_tver
b_tvergorodok = c_tver
b_vyshnyvolochyok = c_tver
b_zubtsov = c_tver
b_udomelski = c_tver
b_vyazma = c_vyazma
b_dukhov = c_vyazma
b_yelnya = c_vyazma
b_gzhatsky = c_vyazma
b_dorogobuzh = c_vyazma
b_vyazkholm = c_vyazma
b_ugra = c_vyazma
b_safonovo = c_vyazma
b_kostroma = c_kostroma
b_sudislavl = c_kostroma
b_plyos = c_kostroma
b_nerektha = c_kostroma
b_apraksino = c_kostroma
b_kosmynino = c_kostroma
b_zavolzhsk = c_kostroma
b_nekrasoskoye = c_kostroma
b_timerevo = c_yaroslavl
b_yaroslavl = c_yaroslavl
b_tolga = c_yaroslavl
b_romanov = c_yaroslavl
b_semibratovo = c_yaroslavl
b_karabikha = c_yaroslavl
b_putyatino = c_yaroslavl
b_volgostroy = c_yaroslavl
b_vologda = c_vologda
b_kadnikovskaya = c_vologda
b_sokol = c_vologda
b_uste = c_vologda
b_bolshayamurga = c_vologda
b_dvinitsa = c_vologda
b_motyn = c_vologda
b_staroye = c_vologda
b_galichmersky = c_galich_mersky
b_levkovo = c_galich_mersky
b_gradmersky = c_galich_mersky
b_buy = c_galich_mersky
b_chistyebory = c_galich_mersky
b_susanino = c_galich_mersky
b_kadyy = c_galich_mersky
b_isaevo = c_galich_mersky
b_gorodez = c_gorodez
b_feodorovsky = c_gorodez
b_kitezh = c_gorodez
b_puchishche = c_gorodez
b_pravdinsk = c_gorodez
b_lukh = c_gorodez
b_gorkovskoye = c_gorodez
b_sokolskoye = c_gorodez
b_nizhnynovgorod = c_nizhny_novgorod
b_sarov = c_nizhny_novgorod
b_bor = c_nizhny_novgorod
b_kstovo = c_nizhny_novgorod
b_knyaginino = c_nizhny_novgorod
b_vasilyeva = c_nizhny_novgorod
b_balakhna = c_nizhny_novgorod
b_bogorodsk = c_nizhny_novgorod
b_suzdal = c_suzdal
b_bogolyubovo = c_suzdal
b_suzstarodub = c_suzdal
b_suzivanovo = c_suzdal
b_kovrov = c_suzdal
b_seredaupino = c_suzdal
b_teykovo = c_suzdal
b_lezhnevo = c_suzdal
b_vladimir = c_vladimir
b_yuryevpolsky = c_vladimir
b_volochok = c_vladimir
b_undol = c_vladimir
b_petuschki = c_vladimir
b_sudogda = c_vladimir
b_sobinka = c_vladimir
b_kosterevo = c_vladimir
b_volgamozhaysk = c_mozhaysk
b_shakhunya = c_mozhaysk
b_yaransk = c_mozhaysk
b_vakhtan = c_mozhaysk
b_varnavino = c_mozhaysk
b_kiknur = c_mozhaysk
b_tonshaevo = c_mozhaysk
b_uren = c_mozhaysk
b_moskva = c_moskva
b_rogozhi = c_moskva
b_kaluga = c_moskva
b_serpukhov = c_moskva
b_belyov = c_moskva
b_mozhaysk = c_moskva
b_rzhev = c_moskva
b_klin = c_moskva
b_korsun = c_korsun
b_kaniv = c_korsun
b_cherkassy = c_korsun
b_smila = c_korsun
b_zolotonosha = c_korsun
b_uman = c_korsun
b_zhuravky = c_korsun
b_mirov = c_korsun
b_kiev = c_kiev
b_yuriev = c_kiev
b_iskorosten = c_kiev
b_vyshhorod = c_kiev
b_ovruch = c_kiev
b_zhitomir = c_kiev
b_malyn = c_kiev
b_fastiv = c_kiev
b_terebovl = c_terebovl
b_pochayivlavra = c_terebovl
b_bratslav = c_terebovl
b_kremenets = c_terebovl
b_borschiv = c_terebovl
b_vinnytsia = c_terebovl
b_buchach = c_terebovl
b_zalischyky = c_terebovl
b_galich = c_galich
b_lvov = c_galich
b_dubno = c_galich
b_vasyliv = c_galich
b_kolomyia = c_galich
b_ternopil = c_galich
b_buzhsk = c_galich
b_brody = c_galich
b_peremyshl = c_peremyshl
b_jaroslav = c_peremyshl
b_sanok = c_peremyshl
b_lubaczow = c_peremyshl
b_grodek = c_peremyshl
b_rzeszow = c_peremyshl
b_volkrosno = c_peremyshl
b_jaslo = c_peremyshl
b_vladimirvolynsky = c_vladimir_volynsky
b_kovel = c_vladimir_volynsky
b_kholm = c_vladimir_volynsky
b_ivanichy = c_vladimir_volynsky
b_hrubieszow = c_vladimir_volynsky
b_torchyn = c_vladimir_volynsky
b_cherven = c_vladimir_volynsky
b_luboml = c_vladimir_volynsky
b_beresty = c_beresty
b_bielsk = c_beresty
b_kobryn = c_beresty
b_kamyanyets = c_beresty
b_mielnik = c_beresty
b_lublin = c_beresty
b_wlodawa = c_beresty
b_parczew = c_beresty
b_turov = c_turov
b_dubrovitsya = c_turov
b_mazyr = c_turov
b_slutsk = c_turov
b_zhytkavichy = c_turov
b_bobruisk = c_turov
b_petrykaw = c_turov
b_yelsk = c_turov
b_pinsk = c_pinsk
b_lutsk = c_pinsk
b_porkhovo = c_pinsk
b_biaroza = c_pinsk
b_stepan = c_pinsk
b_kosava = c_pinsk
b_luninets = c_pinsk
b_dabuchin = c_pinsk
b_minsk = c_minsk
b_maladzyechna = c_minsk
b_borisow = c_minsk
b_kletsk = c_minsk
b_berezino = c_minsk
b_nesvizh = c_minsk
b_valozhyn = c_minsk
b_kapyl = c_minsk
b_orsha = c_orsha
b_novolukomi = c_orsha
b_talachyn = c_orsha
b_sianno = c_orsha
b_shklou = c_orsha
b_kopys = c_orsha
b_horki = c_orsha
b_larynouka = c_orsha
b_vitebsk = c_vitebsk
b_sakolniki = c_vitebsk
b_haradok = c_vitebsk
b_drazdy = c_vitebsk
b_ruba = c_vitebsk
b_liozno = c_vitebsk
b_stryzhava = c_vitebsk
b_baroniki = c_vitebsk
b_smolensk = c_smolensk
b_velizh = c_smolensk
b_demidov = c_smolensk
b_krasnoi = c_smolensk
b_przhevalskoye = c_smolensk
b_rodnya = c_smolensk
b_yartsevo = c_smolensk
b_roslavl = c_roslavl
b_pochinok = c_roslavl
b_chocimsk = c_roslavl
b_mstitslavl = c_mstislavl
b_krychaw = c_mstislavl
b_mogilev = c_mstislavl
b_bychaw = c_mstislavl
b_chavusy = c_mstislavl
b_zhlobin = c_mstislavl
b_chachersk = c_mstislavl
b_rahacou = c_mstislavl
b_lyubech = c_lyubech
b_rechytsa = c_lyubech
b_gomel = c_lyubech
b_brahin = c_lyubech
b_loyew = c_lyubech
b_zlynka = c_lyubech
b_klimovo = c_lyubech
b_novozybkov = c_lyubech
b_chernigov = c_chernigov
b_kozelets = c_chernigov
b_nizhyn = c_chernigov
b_borzna = c_chernigov
b_horodnia = c_chernigov
b_gorodets = c_chernigov
b_sosnytsia = c_chernigov
b_mglin = c_chernigov
b_novgorodseversky = c_novgorod_seversky
b_starodub = c_novgorod_seversky
b_glukhov = c_novgorod_seversky
b_rysk = c_novgorod_seversky
b_putivl = c_novgorod_seversky
b_trubchevsk = c_novgorod_seversky
b_sevsk = c_novgorod_seversky
b_semenivka = c_novgorod_seversky
b_bryansk = c_bryansk
b_pochep = c_bryansk
b_orel = c_bryansk
b_karachev = c_bryansk
b_dyatkovo = c_bryansk
b_klynov = c_bryansk
b_belev = c_bryansk
b_mtsensk = c_bryansk
b_pronsk = c_pronsk
b_yelets = c_pronsk
b_tula = c_pronsk
b_mikhaylov = c_pronsk
b_skopin = c_pronsk
b_ryazhsk = c_pronsk
b_sergijewskoje = c_pronsk
b_bogoroditsk = c_pronsk
b_murom = c_murom
b_moramar = c_murom
b_melenki = c_murom
b_vyksa = c_murom
b_kulebaki = c_murom
b_vilya = c_murom
b_mordovshchikovo = c_murom
b_lipnya = c_murom
b_ryazan = c_ryazan
b_solotcha = c_ryazan
b_grodets = c_ryazan
b_spassk = c_ryazan
b_korablino = c_ryazan
b_rybnino = c_ryazan
b_sasovo = c_ryazan
b_klepiki = c_ryazan
b_kolomna = c_kolomna
b_glukhovichi = c_kolomna
b_zaraysk = c_kolomna
b_bronnitsy = c_kolomna
b_ramenskoye = c_kolomna
b_egorevsk = c_kolomna
b_peski = c_kolomna
b_cherkizovo = c_kolomna
b_pereyaslavl = c_pereyaslavl
b_myrhorod = c_pereyaslavl
b_hadyach = c_pereyaslavl
b_chornukhy = c_pereyaslavl
b_hrebinka = c_pereyaslavl
b_lokhvytsia = c_pereyaslavl
b_boryspil = c_pereyaslavl
b_velykisorochyntsi = c_pereyaslavl
b_ltava = c_chortitza
b_chortitza = c_chortitza
b_baszmacka = c_chortitza
b_lubny = c_chortitza
b_alexandrowsk = c_chortitza
b_rasumowka = c_chortitza
b_vosnesjensk = c_chortitza
b_khorol = c_chortitza
b_perym = c_perm
b_perm = c_perm
b_gorodki = c_perm
b_yagoshikha = c_perm
b_lysva = c_perm
b_cherdyn = c_perm
b_chemuska = c_perm
b_biser = c_perm
b_achit = c_votyaki
b_sarana = c_votyaki
b_ufimskiy = c_votyaki
b_bisert = c_votyaki
b_arti = c_votyaki
b_atig = c_votyaki
b_shalya = c_votyaki
b_shamary = c_votyaki
b_inta = c_komi
b_vorkuta = c_komi
b_ustkolom = c_komi
b_usttsilma = c_komi
b_aykino = c_komi
b_vorgashor = c_komi
b_kharp = c_komi
b_khalmeryu = c_komi
b_ural = c_ural
b_ustkatav = c_ural
b_asha = c_ural
b_chebarkul = c_ural
b_kaslinsky = c_ural
b_kyshtym = c_ural
b_miass = c_ural
b_satka = c_ural
b_mansiysk = c_mansia
b_yabin = c_mansia
b_yalbak = c_mansia
b_pytyakh = c_mansia
b_nefteyugansk = c_mansia
b_mamontovo = c_mansia
b_poykovskiy = c_mansia
b_samza = c_mansia
b_chanty = c_khantia
b_beloyarskiy = c_khantia
b_igrim = c_khantia
b_berezovo = c_khantia
b_pnobe = c_khantia
b_nyagyn = c_khantia
b_djinesh = c_khantia
b_sherkala = c_khantia
b_polnovatvozh = c_yamalia
b_obdorsk = c_yamalia
b_lapytnangk = c_yamalia
b_ituyakha = c_yamalia
b_urengoi = c_yamalia
b_nazym = c_yamalia
b_baygul = c_yamalia
b_kaek = c_yamalia
b_narim = c_narim
b_kolta = c_narim
b_yag = c_narim
b_askiz = c_narim
b_kungur = c_zyriane
b_kordon = c_zyriane
b_suksun = c_zyriane
b_kukushtan = c_zyriane
b_gari = c_zyriane
b_lek = c_zyriane
b_ergach = c_zyriane
b_posad = c_zyriane
b_ukhta = c_ugra
b_sosnogorsk = c_ugra
b_yarega = c_ugra
b_vodnyy = c_ugra
b_nizhodes = c_ugra
b_vuktyl = c_ugra
b_kadzherom = c_ugra
b_voyvozh = c_ugra
b_syktyvkar = c_syrj
b_pyras = c_syrj
b_yugydyag = c_syrj
b_mikun = c_syrj
b_emva = c_syrj
b_ezhva = c_syrj
b_sindor = c_syrj
b_zheshart = c_syrj
b_velikyustug = c_veliky_ustug
b_gleden = c_veliky_ustug
b_krasavino = c_veliky_ustug
b_luza = c_veliky_ustug
b_pinyug = c_veliky_ustug
b_podosinovets = c_veliky_ustug
b_maromitsa = c_veliky_ustug
b_oparino = c_veliky_ustug
b_romny = c_romny
b_ugol = c_romny
b_vozhega = c_romny
b_marinskaya = c_romny
b_yuchka = c_romny
b_bykovskaya = c_romny
b_kholuy = c_romny
b_vysokaya = c_romny
b_kargopol = c_trans-portage
b_solovetsky = c_trans-portage
b_shenkursk = c_trans-portage
b_konosha = c_trans-portage
b_nyandoma = c_trans-portage
b_plesetsk = c_trans-portage
b_samoded = c_trans-portage
b_obozerskiy = c_trans-portage
b_kholmogory = c_north_dvina
b_nikolokorelski = c_north_dvina
b_solvychegodsk = c_north_dvina
b_novokholmogory = c_north_dvina
b_antonievosiysky = c_north_dvina
b_koryazhma = c_north_dvina
b_usolsk = c_north_dvina
b_archangelsk = c_north_dvina
b_okladnikowa = c_bjarmia
b_okulovsky = c_bjarmia
b_kusnezowa = c_bjarmia
b_kamenka = c_bjarmia
b_pinega = c_bjarmia
b_mezen = c_bjarmia
b_kimzha = c_bjarmia
b_lampozhnya = c_bjarmia
b_verkhmgla = c_samoyeds
b_yazhma = c_samoyeds
b_sukhanikha = c_samoyeds
b_arkhipovo = c_samoyeds
b_vizhas = c_samoyeds
b_tarasova = c_samoyeds
b_chizha = c_samoyeds
b_kiya = c_samoyeds
b_altay = c_altay
b_qinggil = c_altay
b_koktokay = c_altay
b_burqin = c_altay
b_burultokay = c_altay
b_kokagax = c_altay
b_jeminay = c_altay
b_dunkheger = c_dunkheger
b_hou_pulei = c_dunkheger
b_yulishi = c_dunkheger
b_beshbalik = c_dunkheger
b_gucheng = c_dunkheger
b_mori = c_dunkheger
b_jiangjunmiao = c_dunkheger
b_muztau = c_muztau
b_zyryan = c_muztau
b_oskemen = c_muztau
b_urunkhayka = c_muztau
b_kurchum = c_muztau
b_uryl = c_muztau
b_kyzyl = c_kyzyl
b_turan = c_kyzyl
b_chadaana = c_kyzyl
b_ulala = c_kyzyl
b_ulagan = c_kyzyl
b_otuken = c_otuken
b_sayan = c_otuken
b_khori_tumed = c_otuken
b_kyren = c_otuken
b_kutulik = c_otuken
b_tulun = c_otuken
b_erchis = c_erchis
b_korya = c_erchis
b_semey = c_erchis
b_aqsw = c_erchis
b_ekibastuz = c_erchis
b_ertis = c_erchis
b_koktobe = c_erchis
b_gorgol = c_gorgol
b_abaza = c_gorgol
b_tashtyp = c_gorgol
b_khangai = c_khangai
b_terkhiin_tsagaan = c_khangai
b_ogii = c_khangai
b_tsetserleg = c_khangai
b_uliastai = c_khangai
b_orgil = c_khangai
b_erdenet = c_khangai
b_kara_khorum = c_kara_khorum
b_luut = c_kara_khorum
b_noin_ula = c_kara_khorum
b_zuunmod = c_kara_khorum
b_khamag = c_kara_khorum
b_lun = c_kara_khorum
b_bayan = c_kara_khorum
b_baygal = c_baygal
b_darkhan = c_baygal
b_bargujin = c_baygal
b_merkit = c_baygal
b_kyakhta = c_baygal
b_uda = c_baygal
b_galuuta = c_baygal
b_aj_bogd = c_aj_bogd
b_balikun = c_aj_bogd
b_qian_pulei = c_aj_bogd
b_barkul = c_aj_bogd
b_khoid = c_aj_bogd
b_erdene = c_aj_bogd
b_gurvantes = c_aj_bogd
b_ikh_bogd = c_ikh_bogd
b_gobi = c_ikh_bogd
b_khereid = c_ikh_bogd
b_zubu = c_ikh_bogd
b_nuuruudyn_hondij = c_ikh_bogd
b_arguut = c_ikh_bogd
b_khuld = c_ikh_bogd
b_tsagaannuur = c_tsagaannuur
b_naiman = c_tsagaannuur
b_khovd = c_tsagaannuur
b_khar = c_tsagaannuur
b_mankhan = c_tsagaannuur
b_darvi = c_tsagaannuur
b_khaliun = c_tsagaannuur
b_yarkand = c_yarkand
b_tashkurgan = c_yarkand
b_yecheng = c_yarkand
b_mazar = c_yarkand
b_karghalik = c_yarkand
b_guma = c_yarkand
b_poskam = c_yarkand
b_kashgar = c_kashgar
b_xiuxun = c_kashgar
b_weitou = c_kashgar
b_yopurga = c_kashgar
b_atush = c_kashgar
b_akto = c_kashgar
b_ulugqat = c_kashgar
b_aksu_mongolia = c_aksu
b_tumshuk = c_aksu
b_wensu = c_aksu
b_awat = c_aksu
b_kelpin = c_aksu
b_uqturpan = c_aksu
b_aral = c_aksu
b_khotan = c_khotan
b_keriya = c_khotan
b_niya = c_khotan
b_dandan_uilik = c_khotan
b_jingjue = c_khotan
b_jiandu = c_khotan
b_qira = c_khotan
b_cherchen = c_cherchen
b_endere = c_cherchen
b_mocheng = c_cherchen
b_zuomo = c_cherchen
b_yuling = c_cherchen
b_yeyik = c_cherchen
b_sutang = c_cherchen
b_charkliq = c_charkliq
b_miran = c_charkliq
b_kargan = c_charkliq
b_ruoqiang = c_charkliq
b_lop = c_charkliq
b_merdek = c_charkliq
b_yuni = c_charkliq
b_karashar = c_karashar
b_korla = c_karashar
b_shanguo = c_karashar
b_weixu = c_karashar
b_weili = c_karashar
b_tiemenguan = c_karashar
b_qigexing = c_karashar
b_kucha = c_kucha
b_xayar = c_kucha
b_bay = c_kucha
b_toqsu = c_kucha
b_kizil = c_kucha
b_subashi = c_kucha
b_kumtura = c_kucha
b_kara_khoja = c_kara_khoja
b_turfan = c_kara_khoja
b_jiaohe = c_kara_khoja
b_huhu = c_kara_khoja
b_shangwangguo = c_kara_khoja
b_bezeklik = c_kara_khoja
b_astana = c_kara_khoja
b_luntai = c_luntai
b_fukang = c_luntai
b_danhuan = c_luntai
b_wutanzili = c_luntai
b_qiemi = c_luntai
b_manas = c_luntai
b_changji = c_luntai
b_loulan = c_loulan
b_kroran = c_loulan
b_kara_koshun = c_loulan
b_lopnor = c_loulan
b_shanshan = c_loulan
b_kumtag = c_loulan
b_yingpan = c_loulan
b_kumul = c_kumul
b_yiwu = c_kumul
b_dahe = c_kumul
b_piqan = c_kumul
b_yanghai = c_kumul
b_toyuq = c_kumul
b_nanhu_tarim = c_kumul
b_dunhuang = c_dunhuang
b_fangpan = c_dunhuang
b_mogao = c_dunhuang
b_yueyaquan = c_dunhuang
b_yumenquan = c_dunhuang
b_hongliuwan = c_dunhuang
b_xuanquanzhi = c_dunhuang
b_anxi = c_anxi
b_yumen = c_anxi
b_xincheng = c_anxi
b_yuanquan = c_anxi
b_yulin = c_anxi
b_suoyang = c_anxi
b_mazongshan = c_anxi
b_itil = c_itil
b_khaganbaligh = c_itil
b_saqsin = c_itil
b_kamyzyak = c_itil
b_kharabali = c_itil
b_xacitarxan = c_itil
b_alga = c_itil
b_tumak = c_itil
b_atyrau = c_guryev
b_sarayjuk = c_guryev
b_yesmakan = c_guryev
b_zhanakush = c_guryev
b_karabatyr = c_guryev
b_mantyube = c_guryev
b_besikty = c_guryev
b_arlik = c_guryev
b_pecheneg = c_pecheneg
b_kargala = c_pecheneg
b_saraktash = c_pecheneg
b_sakmara = c_pecheneg
b_khutorka = c_pecheneg
b_tolkachi = c_pecheneg
b_sadovy = c_pecheneg
b_kichkas = c_pecheneg
b_kaztal = c_uzens
b_krykuru = c_uzens
b_kyzylasker = c_uzens
b_khasan = c_uzens
b_akkus = c_uzens
b_kosoba = c_uzens
b_ushkuduk = c_uzens
b_aytbay = c_uzens
b_sarysu = c_lower_volga
b_tsaritsyn = c_lower_volga
b_kamyshin = c_lower_volga
b_serebrjakovo = c_lower_volga
b_dubovka = c_lower_volga
b_petrovval = c_lower_volga
b_kotovo = c_lower_volga
b_prishib = c_lower_volga
b_akhtuba = c_saray
b_saray = c_saray
b_tsaganaman = c_saray
b_uspenka = c_saray
b_pokrovka = c_saray
b_dzhelga = c_saray
b_bataevka = c_saray
b_chernyyar = c_saray
b_sugrov = c_sugrov
b_yauchy = c_sugrov
b_khursa = c_sugrov
b_khazar = c_sugrov
b_khratayak = c_sugrov
b_oboyan = c_sugrov
b_tim = c_sugrov
b_fatezh = c_sugrov
b_bakhmut = c_desht-i-kipchak
b_sviatohirsk = c_desht-i-kipchak
b_krasne = c_desht-i-kipchak
b_dobropillia = c_desht-i-kipchak
b_druzhkivka = c_desht-i-kipchak
b_kramatorsk = c_desht-i-kipchak
b_lyman = c_desht-i-kipchak
b_mospyne = c_desht-i-kipchak
b_kazarki = c_sarkel
b_sarkel = c_sarkel
b_belayavezha = c_sarkel
b_semikarakorsk = c_sarkel
b_ustdonetskiy = c_sarkel
b_kotelnikovo = c_sarkel
b_tsimlyanskoye = c_sarkel
b_nizhchir = c_sarkel
b_kalach = c_don_portage
b_illovlya = c_don_portage
b_ryumino = c_don_portage
b_loq = c_don_portage
b_illevka = c_don_portage
b_donskoy = c_don_portage
b_tary = c_don_portage
b_ozerki = c_don_portage
b_kharka = c_sharukan
b_sumy = c_sharukan
b_challykala = c_sharukan
b_khorysdan = c_sharukan
b_izyum = c_sharukan
b_balakliia = c_sharukan
b_kupyansk = c_sharukan
b_lyubotin = c_sharukan
b_orsk = c_inder
b_karatogay = c_inder
b_bogunbay = c_inder
b_kaumetey = c_inder
b_chausay = c_inder
b_kemer = c_inder
b_ebita = c_inder
b_dzhanatalap = c_inder
b_aqtobe = c_aqtobe
b_ashchesay = c_aqtobe
b_burta = c_aqtobe
b_sibiryak = c_aqtobe
b_kunsay = c_aqtobe
b_zharlysay = c_aqtobe
b_shilikta = c_aqtobe
b_aulkutyrtas = c_aqtobe
b_kurgan = c_yaik
b_vagay = c_yaik
b_kyzalyar = c_yaik
b_lebyazhe = c_yaik
b_yurgamysh = c_yaik
b_shumikha = c_yaik
b_mishkino = c_yaik
b_makushino = c_yaik
b_ufa = c_bashkirs
b_belebey = c_bashkirs
b_chishmy = c_bashkirs
b_bajmaq = c_bashkirs
b_isembaj = c_bashkirs
b_beloret = c_bashkirs
b_meleus = c_bashkirs
b_sterlitamak = c_bashkirs
b_tyumen = c_tyumen
b_qashliq = c_tyumen
b_tobolsk = c_tyumen
b_tugulym = c_tyumen
b_novtap = c_tyumen
b_sumkino = c_tyumen
b_nizhtavda = c_tyumen
b_borovskiy = c_tyumen
b_surgut = c_sibir
b_belyyyar = c_sibir
b_iberbolgar = c_sibir
b_baduk = c_sibir
b_kaik = c_sibir
b_langepas = c_sibir
b_pokachi = c_sibir
b_vysokiy = c_sibir
b_sibir = c_sibir
b_tobol = c_tobol
b_tara = c_tobol
b_isilkul = c_tobol
b_kalachinsk = c_tobol
b_tyukalinsk = c_tobol
b_cherlak = c_tobol
b_sargatka = c_tobol
b_krasnyyar = c_tobol
b_ishim = c_ishim
b_esil = c_ishim
b_mamlyut = c_ishim
b_ust_ishim = c_ishim
b_zhitikara = c_kipchak
b_zhailma = c_kipchak
b_kipchak = c_kipchak
b_amankaragaj = c_kipchak
b_kusmuryn = c_kipchak
b_turgay = c_turgay
b_ust_turgay = c_turgay
b_karakal = c_turgay
b_zhailyk = c_turgay
b_zhezdi = c_kazakh
b_zhairem = c_kazakh
b_zhezkazgan = c_kazakh
b_karsakpay = c_kazakh
b_jezkazgan = c_kazakh
b_kengir = c_kazakh
b_kimak = c_kimak
b_tengiz = c_kimak
b_atasu = c_kimak
b_arkalyk = c_kimak
b_tura = c_tura
b_almaty = c_tura
b_bestobe = c_tura
b_seletyteniz = c_tura
b_teke = c_tura
b_kishkenekol = c_tura
b_balkhash = c_balkhash
b_gulshat = c_balkhash
b_shashubay = c_balkhash
b_akshatau = c_balkhash
b_karazhal = c_balkhash
b_aktogay = c_balkhash
b_karagandy = c_balkhash
b_kirghiz = c_kirghiz
b_abakan = c_altay
b_telengit = c_altay
b_tele = c_altay
b_osinniki = c_altay
b_ket = c_ket
b_asino = c_ket
b_ketkas = c_ket
b_sochur = c_ket
b_chachamga = c_ket
b_urzhar = c_urzhar
b_akzhar = c_urzhar
b_ayagoz = c_urzhar
b_taskesken = c_urzhar
b_zaysan = c_urzhar
b_yoshkarola = c_merya
b_volzhsk = c_merya
b_lopatino = c_merya
b_tsikma = c_merya
b_provoi = c_merya
b_kilemary = c_merya
b_mariturek = c_merya
b_morki = c_merya
b_hlynov = c_hlynov
b_egra = c_hlynov
b_glazkar = c_hlynov
b_izkar = c_hlynov
b_kambarka = c_hlynov
b_sarapul = c_hlynov
b_mozjga = c_hlynov
b_wotka = c_hlynov
b_qazan = c_qazan
b_osa = c_qazan
b_chastye = c_qazan
b_usttuntor = c_qazan
b_krmayak = c_qazan
b_pal = c_qazan
b_uymuzh = c_qazan
b_belyaevka = c_qazan
b_pakli = c_qazan
b_bilyar = c_bilyar
b_tukhchin = c_bilyar
b_cukataw = c_bilyar
b_urussu = c_bilyar
b_bogulma = c_bilyar
b_bryakhimov = c_bilyar
b_nurlat = c_bilyar
b_dzhalil = c_bilyar
b_bulgar = c_bulgar
b_suar = c_bulgar
b_balimer = c_bulgar
b_arbuga = c_bulgar
b_tawille = c_bulgar
b_tetyushi = c_bulgar
b_koshki = c_bulgar
b_iq = c_bulgar
b_samara = c_syrt
b_bandja = c_syrt
b_kinel = c_syrt
b_syzran = c_syrt
b_tashia = c_syrt
b_sarbay = c_syrt
b_osinki = c_syrt
b_shungut = c_syrt
b_ashli = c_ashli
b_boro = c_ashli
b_durtojle = c_ashli
b_daulakan = c_ashli
b_blagovescen = c_ashli
b_tuimasy = c_ashli
b_janauyl = c_ashli
b_yamantaw = c_ashli
b_yarcalli = c_grassland_cheremisa
b_zay = c_grassland_cheremisa
b_cistay = c_grassland_cheremisa
b_aznaqay = c_grassland_cheremisa
b_bua = c_grassland_cheremisa
b_bawli = c_grassland_cheremisa
b_alabuga = c_grassland_cheremisa
b_vedasuvar = c_chuvash
b_makaryevo = c_chuvash
b_cheboksary = c_chuvash
b_alatyr = c_chuvash
b_kozlovka = c_chuvash
b_sundyr = c_chuvash
b_tsivilsk = c_chuvash
b_yadrin = c_chuvash
b_simbirsk = c_mountain_cheremisa
b_kanadey = c_mountain_cheremisa
b_pokrovskoye = c_mountain_cheremisa
b_stanichnaya = c_mountain_cheremisa
b_melekess = c_mountain_cheremisa
b_butyrskaya = c_mountain_cheremisa
b_vybornaya = c_mountain_cheremisa
b_barysh = c_mountain_cheremisa
b_saransk = c_mordva
b_insar = c_mordva
b_temnikow = c_mordva
b_ardatovo = c_mordva
b_krasnoslobodsk = c_mordva
b_yalga = c_mordva
b_penza = c_mordva
b_yavas = c_mordva
b_saratov = c_burtasy
b_mechetnaya = c_burtasy
b_pokrovsk = c_burtasy
b_atkarsk = c_burtasy
b_balakova = c_burtasy
b_sosnovyostrov = c_burtasy
b_golykaramysh = c_burtasy
b_rtishchevo = c_burtasy
b_khopyorsk = c_khopyor
b_borisoglebsk = c_khopyor
b_tambov = c_khopyor
b_uryupin = c_khopyor
b_balashov = c_khopyor
b_kirsanov = c_khopyor
b_ustmedveditskaya = c_khopyor
b_uvarovo = c_khopyor
b_theodosia = c_theodosia
b_soldaia = c_theodosia
b_kimmerikon = c_theodosia
b_caffa = c_theodosia
b_caulita = c_theodosia
b_olyva = c_theodosia
b_lusta = c_theodosia
b_funan = c_theodosia
b_bosphoros = c_korchev
b_panticapea = c_korchev
b_cherco = c_korchev
b_nymphaion = c_korchev
b_chystopillia = c_korchev
b_vosporo = c_korchev
b_baherove = c_korchev
b_zavitne = c_korchev
b_kherson = c_cherson
b_doros = c_cherson
b_neapol = c_cherson
b_kerkinitis = c_cherson
b_cembalo = c_cherson
b_charax = c_cherson
b_sevastoupolis = c_cherson
b_kalamita = c_cherson
b_tmutarakan = c_tmutarakan
b_mapa = c_tmutarakan
b_taman = c_tmutarakan
b_tumnev = c_tmutarakan
b_jevlisia = c_tmutarakan
b_sujukqale = c_tmutarakan
b_bata = c_tmutarakan
b_tsemes = c_tmutarakan
b_taganrog = c_lower_don
b_matveevkurgan = c_lower_don
b_skorokhod = c_lower_don
b_latonovo = c_lower_don
b_vesely = c_lower_don
b_marfinka = c_lower_don
b_ryasnoye = c_lower_don
b_novoazovsk = c_lower_don
b_ochakiv = c_oleshye
b_bohopol = c_oleshye
b_odessa = c_oleshye
b_kocibey = c_oleshye
b_balta = c_oleshye
b_sokoly = c_oleshye
b_akkerman = c_oleshye
b_nikolayev = c_oleshye
b_zaporzhye = c_lukomorie
b_kushunum = c_lukomorie
b_huliaipole = c_lukomorie
b_kalmius = c_lukomorie
b_kalchik = c_lukomorie
b_onkhiv = c_lukomorie
b_polohy = c_lukomorie
b_chernihivka = c_lukomorie
b_dnieprkherson = c_lower_dniepr
b_kairy = c_lower_dniepr
b_kyzylyar = c_lower_dniepr
b_shagingirei = c_lower_dniepr
b_kuturogly = c_lower_dniepr
b_tokmak = c_lower_dniepr
b_pryazovske = c_lower_dniepr
b_bilozerka = c_lower_dniepr
b_bakhchisaray = c_crimea
b_aqmescit = c_crimea
b_dzhankoy = c_crimea
b_saq = c_crimea
b_perekop = c_crimea
b_qarasuvbazar = c_crimea
b_kezlev = c_crimea
b_qurman = c_crimea
b_myequape = c_kasogs
b_samiran = c_kasogs
b_zikh = c_kasogs
b_bakhtarakhtar = c_kasogs
b_koshkhab = c_kasogs
b_ustdzeghuta = c_kasogs
b_sarytyuz = c_kasogs
b_eltarkan = c_kasogs
b_piatigorie = c_yegorlyk
b_madjar = c_yegorlyk
b_stauropolis = c_yegorlyk
b_beshpagir = c_yegorlyk
b_erkenshakhar = c_yegorlyk
b_kuguty = c_yegorlyk
b_kiankiz = c_yegorlyk
b_yamki = c_yegorlyk
b_mozdok = c_manych
b_terek = c_manych
b_makhmudmekteb = c_manych
b_nartkala = c_manych
b_malgobekbalka = c_manych
b_kunay = c_manych
b_karabulak = c_manych
b_makhach = c_manych
b_vovnushki = c_alania
b_magas = c_alania
b_arkhyz = c_alania
b_zaur = c_alania
b_tskhinval = c_alania
b_tkhabayerdy = c_alania
b_zadalesk = c_alania
b_tamarasheni = c_alania
b_kizlyar = c_kuma
b_kuliyurt = c_kuma
b_tereklimekteb = c_kuma
b_kizilyurt = c_kuma
b_gums = c_kuma
b_dylym = c_kuma
b_babayurt = c_kuma
b_arslanbek = c_kuma
b_tana = c_tana
b_rostovnadonu = c_tana
b_monastyrsky = c_tana
b_bataysk = c_tana
b_gundorovka = c_tana
b_cherkassk = c_tana
b_ustaksayaskaya = c_tana
b_sulin = c_tana
b_azov = c_azov
b_azaq = c_azov
b_sadki = c_azov
b_eysk = c_azov
b_kagalnik = c_azov
b_akhtarsk = c_azov
b_kugey = c_azov
b_katon = c_azov
b_khumar = c_kuban
b_kuban = c_kuban
b_psekups = c_kuban
b_khutor = c_kuban
b_podkumok = c_kuban
b_coparia = c_kuban
b_kirpili = c_kuban
b_beshtau = c_kuban
b_elst = c_sarpa
b_bachanta = c_sarpa
b_ikburul = c_sarpa
b_karatchaplak = c_sarpa
b_yashkul = c_sarpa
b_ketchenery = c_sarpa
b_yashalta = c_sarpa
b_ysaganaman = c_sarpa
b_kassarma = c_aral
b_dawletgirei = c_aral
b_kuljandi = c_aral
b_kaszkarata = c_aral
b_aszczeatrik = c_aral
b_kosbulak = c_aral
b_sokyrbulak = c_aral
b_karakul = c_aral
b_kangly = c_kangly
b_koshkar = c_kangly
b_akkube = c_kangly
b_akbulak = c_kangly
b_makat = c_kangly
b_bakachi = c_kangly
b_qulsary = c_kangly
b_kizay = c_kangly
b_aqtaw = c_mangyshlak
b_kzyluzen = c_mangyshlak
b_amankyzylit = c_mangyshlak
b_uzen = c_mangyshlak
b_araldy = c_mangyshlak
b_ashchimuryn = c_mangyshlak
b_tigen = c_mangyshlak
b_sayutes = c_mangyshlak
b_akdzulpas = c_turkestan
b_emba = c_turkestan
b_sapak = c_turkestan
b_aralkum = c_turkestan
b_kosskul = c_turkestan
b_akespe = c_turkestan
b_saksaulskiy = c_turkestan
b_akshelek = c_turkestan
b_suyab = c_chuy
b_bishkek = c_chuy
b_almatu = c_chuy
b_taraz = c_chuy
b_merke = c_chuy
b_tokmok = c_chuy
b_balasagun = c_chuy
b_almaliq = c_ili
b_kulja = c_ili
b_koktal = c_ili
b_tekes = c_ili
b_kax = c_ili
b_kunes = c_ili
b_sharyn = c_ili
b_sarkand = c_zhetysu
b_taldykorgan = c_zhetysu
b_karatal = c_zhetysu
b_kapchagai = c_zhetysu
b_koksu = c_zhetysu
b_matay = c_zhetysu
b_kargal = c_zhetysu
b_nushibi = c_karluk
b_ulug_ok = c_karluk
b_alishi = c_karluk
b_sakla_baga = c_karluk
b_saryshaghan = c_karluk
b_zhaylaukol = c_karluk
b_yangikent = c_syr_darya
b_syganak = c_syr_darya
b_akmechet = c_syr_darya
b_kyzylorda = c_syr_darya
b_kazaly = c_syr_darya
b_terenuzyak = c_syr_darya
b_dzhanadzhol = c_syr_darya
b_sarytogay = c_syr_darya
b_zhalagash = c_syr_darya
b_otrar = c_otrar
b_shaulder = c_otrar
b_shoshkakoi = c_otrar
b_birlik = c_otrar
b_chernak = c_otrar
b_kentau = c_otrar
b_turtkul = c_otrar
b_chach = c_chach
b_navekat = c_chach
b_sayram = c_chach
b_isbijab = c_chach
b_shymkent = c_chach
b_pskent = c_chach
b_turbat = c_chach
b_djend = c_kyzylkum
b_itchankila = c_kyzylkum
b_xazorasp = c_kyzylkum
b_bogot = c_kyzylkum
b_xonqa = c_kyzylkum
b_qorovul = c_kyzylkum
b_yangiariq = c_kyzylkum
b_shovot = c_kyzylkum
b_bojnurd = c_tus
b_shervan = c_tus
b_mashhad = c_tus
b_hasanabad = c_tus
b_ghaisar = c_tus
b_isfarayen = c_tus
b_fagdatdezh = c_tus
b_solak = c_tus
b_tus = c_tus
b_nehbandan = c_birjand
b_birjand = c_birjand
b_toon = c_birjand
b_furg = c_birjand
b_sarayan = c_birjand
b_boshruyeh = c_birjand
b_qaen = c_birjand
b_paeenshahr = c_birjand
b_nishapur = c_nishapur
b_jajarm = c_nishapur
b_sabzevar = c_nishapur
b_akhlamad = c_nishapur
b_quchan = c_nishapur
b_daregaz = c_nishapur
b_chenaran = c_nishapur
b_sarakhs = c_nishapur
b_torshiz = c_qohistan
b_beyhaq = c_qohistan
b_gonabad = c_qohistan
b_torbatjam = c_qohistan
b_bardaskan = c_qohistan
b_mahvalat = c_qohistan
b_fariman = c_qohistan
b_dasu = c_qohistan
b_tabas = c_lut
b_dayhouk = c_lut
b_mazanabad = c_lut
b_aspak = c_lut
b_kalateh = c_lut
b_amanieh = c_lut
b_bibaz = c_lut
b_esfandiar = c_lut
b_firuzkuh = c_tabaristan
b_amol = c_tabaristan
b_sari = c_tabaristan
b_rarem = c_tabaristan
b_mamatir = c_tabaristan
b_chamnoo = c_tabaristan
b_farim = c_tabaristan
b_lavij = c_tabaristan
b_kalar = c_mazandaran
b_chaloos = c_mazandaran
b_rostamrood = c_mazandaran
b_kojoor = c_mazandaran
b_sisangan = c_mazandaran
b_damavand = c_mazandaran
b_garmsar = c_mazandaran
b_varamin = c_mazandaran
b_dailam = c_dailam
b_soltaniyeh = c_dailam
b_gheydar = c_dailam
b_zanjan = c_dailam
b_abhar = c_dailam
b_tarom = c_dailam
b_mahneshan = c_dailam
b_alamut = c_dailam
b_gurgan = c_gurgan
b_gonbadeqabus = c_gurgan
b_komishdepa = c_gurgan
b_kordkuy = c_gurgan
b_aqqala = c_gurgan
b_ramian = c_gurgan
b_minudasht = c_gurgan
b_khanbebin = c_gurgan
b_esfahan = c_esfahan
b_zarrinshahr = c_esfahan
b_khansar = c_esfahan
b_kashan = c_esfahan
b_sedeh = c_esfahan
b_qomsheh = c_esfahan
b_abyaneh = c_esfahan
b_ardestan = c_esfahan
b_meybod = c_yazd
b_yazd = c_yazd
b_chak_chak = c_yazd
b_ardakan = c_yazd
b_zarch = c_yazd
b_taft = c_yazd
b_nir = c_yazd
b_dar_anjir = c_yazd
b_dezful = c_avhaz
b_shushtar = c_avhaz
b_helen = c_avhaz
b_idhaj = c_avhaz
b_masjedsoleyman = c_avhaz
b_shahrekord = c_avhaz
b_koohrang = c_avhaz
b_farsan = c_avhaz
b_shiraz = c_shiraz
b_estakhr = c_shiraz
b_bishapur = c_shiraz
b_persepolis = c_shiraz
b_azargarta = c_shiraz
b_abadeh = c_shiraz
b_bavanat = c_shiraz
b_arsanjan = c_shiraz
b_rayen = c_kerman
b_behdesir = c_kerman
b_kerman = c_kerman
b_maymand = c_kerman
b_nough = c_kerman
b_bardsir = c_kerman
b_zarand = c_kerman
b_ghaleganj = c_kerman
b_bampur = c_bam
b_bal_chah = c_bam
b_kaj = c_bam
b_baravat = c_bam
b_fahraj = c_bam
b_nukjub = c_bam
b_sol_hasan = c_bam
b_abeshkan = c_bam
b_gombroon = c_hormuz
b_abarkawan = c_hormuz
b_jiroth = c_hormuz
b_abu_musa = c_hormuz
b_minab = c_hormuz
b_kish = c_hormuz
b_bam = c_hormuz
b_fin = c_hormuz
b_lad = c_ladistan
b_khonj = c_ladistan
b_evaz = c_ladistan
b_jask = c_ladistan
b_bastak = c_ladistan
b_morbagh = c_ladistan
b_forg = c_ladistan
b_bandarkhamir = c_ladistan
b_sirjan = c_sirjan
b_borougheeyeh = c_sirjan
b_faragheh = c_sirjan
b_shahrbabak = c_sirjan
b_abarkuh = c_sirjan
b_dehbid = c_sirjan
b_mehrabad = c_sirjan
b_perozabad = c_fars
b_kakhesasan = c_fars
b_darab = c_fars
b_jahrom = c_fars
b_estahbanat = c_fars
b_lamerd = c_fars
b_gerash = c_fars
b_khafr = c_fars
b_argan = c_hendjan
b_bandaremashoor = c_hendjan
b_susa = c_hendjan
b_ramhormoz = c_hendjan
b_bandarshahpur = c_hendjan
b_omidiyeh = c_hendjan
b_behbahan = c_hendjan
b_jayzan = c_hendjan
b_abadan = c_khozistan
b_izaj = c_khozistan
b_hoveizeh = c_khozistan
b_ahvaz = c_khozistan
b_dora = c_khozistan
b_fao = c_khozistan
b_khorramshahr = c_khozistan
b_shadegan = c_khozistan
b_khourabad = c_qom
b_qom = c_qom
b_jamkaran = c_qom
b_kahak = c_qom
b_dastjerd = c_qom
b_salafchegan = c_qom
b_qanavat = c_qom
b_jafariyeh = c_qom
b_hamadan = c_hamadan
b_nahavand = c_hamadan
b_ganjnameh = c_hamadan
b_malayer = c_hamadan
b_ecbatana = c_hamadan
b_asadabad = c_hamadan
b_kabudrahang = c_hamadan
b_roudavar = c_hamadan
b_rayy = c_rayy
b_tehran = c_rayy
b_roudehen = c_rayy
b_hashtgerd = c_rayy
b_shahriar = c_rayy
b_eslamshahr = c_rayy
b_karaj = c_rayy
b_pakdasht = c_rayy
b_semnan = c_qwivir
b_darvar = c_qwivir
b_damqan = c_qwivir
b_dehnamak = c_qwivir
b_sangsar = c_qwivir
b_sharequmis = c_qwivir
b_gerdkuh = c_qwivir
b_kohandej = c_qwivir
b_oroumieh = c_oromieh
b_khoy = c_oromieh
b_takhtesoleyman = c_oromieh
b_avajiq = c_oromieh
b_chaldiran = c_oromieh
b_charekelisa = c_oromieh
b_mahabad = c_oromieh
b_salmas = c_oromieh
b_gilan = c_gilan
b_rasht = c_gilan
b_talysh = c_gilan
b_astara = c_gilan
b_rudkhan = c_gilan
b_lahijan = c_gilan
b_masouleh = c_gilan
b_masal = c_gilan
b_babak = c_tabriz
b_tabriz = c_tabriz
b_maragheh = c_tabriz
b_ahar = c_tabriz
b_zahhak = c_tabriz
b_sarab = c_tabriz
b_shabestar = c_tabriz
b_miyaneh = c_tabriz
b_baku = c_shirvan
b_lankaran = c_shirvan
b_absheron = c_shirvan
b_shirvan = c_shirvan
b_shakhriyar = c_shirvan
b_salyan = c_shirvan
b_khizirzinda = c_shirvan
b_altiagay = c_shirvan
b_urmiah = c_azerbaijan
b_kapalak = c_azerbaijan
b_takhtesuleiman = c_azerbaijan
b_bastam = c_azerbaijan
b_maku = c_azerbaijan
b_kalaberd = c_azerbaijan
b_chaldoran = c_azerbaijan
b_deglane = c_azerbaijan
b_ghapan = c_suenik
b_areni = c_suenik
b_noravank = c_suenik
b_vorotnavank = c_suenik
b_tatev = c_suenik
b_prochabert = c_suenik
b_gandzassar = c_suenik
b_goris = c_suenik
b_ahemakha = c_shemakha
b_quba = c_shemakha
b_shikhlar = c_shemakha
b_khachmaz = c_shemakha
b_chiraggala = c_shemakha
b_anig = c_shemakha
b_maraza = c_shemakha
b_khil = c_shemakha
b_al_haur = c_makran
b_kiz = c_makran
b_ormara = c_makran
b_kannazbun = c_makran
b_nushki = c_chagai
b_kalat = c_kalat
b_talq = c_kalat
b_armail = c_armail
b_hingula = c_armail
b_kambali = c_armail
b_yusli = c_armail
b_haozdar = c_sistan
b_kuh_taftan = c_sistan
b_nok_kundi = c_sistan
b_dozz_aap = c_sistan
b_shahresukhteh = c_sistan
b_esfandak = c_sistan
b_dehak = c_sistan
b_adar = c_sistan
b_zahedan = c_zahedan
b_khajeh = c_zahedan
b_kuhtaftan = c_zahedan
b_hamun = c_zahedan
b_jahangir = c_zahedan
b_golchah = c_zahedan
b_buk = c_zahedan
b_kacharud = c_zahedan
b_yeldar = c_jask
b_band_jask = c_jask
b_miski = c_jask
b_hara_gabrik = c_jask
b_jagin = c_jask
b_par_kun = c_jask
b_rabag = c_jask
b_zaharai = c_jask
b_parak = c_tis
b_kursar = c_tis
b_tis = c_tis
b_chabahar = c_tis
b_pozm_machchan = c_tis
b_regedan = c_tis
b_sergen = c_tis
b_saravan = c_saravan
b_pahrah = c_saravan
b_khash = c_saravan
b_jaleq = c_saravan
b_pishin = c_saravan
b_sarbaz = c_saravan
b_rasak = c_saravan
b_sangan = c_saravan
b_kabul = c_kabul
b_adinapur = c_kabul
b_nagarahara = c_kabul
b_kapisa = c_kabul
b_lampara = c_kabul
b_kunar = c_kabul
b_kharabat = c_kabul
b_bamiyan = c_bamiyan
b_shar_i_gholghola = c_bamiyan
b_istalif = c_bamiyan
b_zakhak = c_bamiyan
b_shibar = c_bamiyan
b_aibak = c_kunduz
b_baghlan = c_kunduz
b_surkh_kotal = c_kunduz
b_kunduz = c_kunduz
b_siminjan = c_kunduz
b_nahrain = c_kunduz
b_mogholan = c_kunduz
b_khomri = c_kunduz
b_ghazna = c_ghazna
b_gardez = c_ghazna
b_khost = c_ghazna
b_loman = c_ghazna
b_katawaz = c_ghazna
b_sharana = c_ghazna
b_sangar = c_ghazna
b_bost = c_bost
b_kandahar = c_bost
b_zamindawar = c_bost
b_sangin = c_bost
b_gereshk = c_bost
b_chaman = c_bost
b_chora = c_bost
b_panjwai = c_bost
b_farrah = c_farrah
b_bakwa = c_farrah
b_baladuluk = c_farrah
b_anardara = c_farrah
b_khakisafed = c_farrah
b_qalaikah = c_farrah
b_shibkoh = c_farrah
b_juwayn = c_farrah
b_zaranj = c_zaranj
b_zabol = c_zaranj
b_zahak = c_zaranj
b_rudbar = c_zaranj
b_milak = c_zaranj
b_bonjar = c_zaranj
b_nimeh = c_zaranj
b_chaghcharan = c_mandesh
b_adraskan = c_mandesh
b_baluci = c_mandesh
b_saghar = c_mandesh
b_kwajaha = c_mandesh
b_taywara = c_mandesh
b_gozareh = c_mandesh
b_darvaza = c_khiva
b_kath = c_khiva
b_kuskupir = c_khiva
b_tahta = c_khiva
b_kizketken = c_khiva
b_atajab = c_khiva
b_sumanay = c_khiva
b_khiva = c_khiva
b_urgench = c_urgench
b_nukus = c_urgench
b_kyrkmolla = c_urgench
b_kungrat = c_urgench
b_kizil_agir = c_urgench
b_khodjali = c_urgench
b_ulkun = c_urgench
b_dashhowuz = c_dashhowuz
b_kunyaurgench = c_dashhowuz
b_tagta = c_dashhowuz
b_akdepe = c_dashhowuz
b_gubadag = c_dashhowuz
b_boldumsaz = c_dashhowuz
b_yylanly = c_dashhowuz
b_gorogly = c_dashhowuz
b_gizhduvan = c_bukhara
b_bukhara = c_bukhara
b_vabkent = c_bukhara
b_karkuh = c_bukhara
b_chardjul = c_bukhara
b_kogon = c_bukhara
b_ayrybaba = c_bukhara
b_afrasiyab = c_samarkand
b_samarkand = c_samarkand
b_khokand = c_samarkand
b_urgut = c_samarkand
b_koshrabot = c_samarkand
b_ishtikhon = c_samarkand
b_ziadin = c_samarkand
b_laish = c_samarkand
b_banjikat = c_oshrusana
b_khujand = c_oshrusana
b_oshrusana = c_oshrusana
b_isfana = c_oshrusana
b_kurkat = c_oshrusana
b_nau = c_oshrusana
b_bekobod = c_oshrusana
b_munjan = c_khuttal
b_jauz_gun = c_khuttal
b_taloqan = c_khuttal
b_jurm = c_khuttal
b_dushanbe = c_khuttal
b_kulob = c_khuttal
b_vakash = c_khuttal
b_fergana = c_fergana
b_khavakend = c_fergana
b_namangan = c_fergana
b_osh = c_fergana
b_andijan = c_fergana
b_margilan = c_fergana
b_rishton = c_fergana
b_uzkand = c_fergana
b_merv = c_merv
b_bayramaly = c_merv
b_tagtabazar = c_merv
b_yoloten = c_merv
b_gulanly = c_merv
b_kushka = c_merv
b_wekilbazar = c_merv
b_sakarcage = c_merv
b_maymana = c_maymana
b_gurziwan = c_maymana
b_darzab = c_maymana
b_almar = c_maymana
b_bilcheragh = c_maymana
b_balkh = c_balkh
b_termez = c_balkh
b_tiliatepe = c_balkh
b_takhtisangin = c_balkh
b_alkhanoum = c_balkh
b_surkhkotal = c_balkh
b_dalverzintepe = c_balkh
b_herat = c_herat
b_karukh = c_herat
b_kushk = c_herat
b_gulran = c_herat
b_obe = c_herat
b_zarghun = c_herat
b_farsi = c_herat
b_chishti = c_herat
b_akhur = c_dihistan
b_gasankuli = c_dihistan
b_bayatkhadzi = c_dihistan
b_kumdag = c_dihistan
b_torskhali = c_dihistan
b_yasydepe = c_dihistan
b_yarymtyk = c_dihistan
b_kemir = c_dihistan
b_kyzylsu = c_kara-kum
b_gazanjyk = c_kara-kum
b_bekdas = c_kara-kum
b_cheleken = c_kara-kum
b_ohk = c_kara-kum
b_dzhanga = c_kara-kum
b_awaza = c_kara-kum
b_yangadzha = c_kara-kum
b_farava = c_konjikala
b_nisa = c_konjikala
b_abiward = c_konjikala
b_gokdepe = c_konjikala
b_konjikala = c_konjikala
b_kyzylarvat = c_konjikala
b_sarahs = c_konjikala
b_ulugdepe = c_konjikala
b_bailjar = c_usturt
b_barsakelmos = c_usturt
b_bussaga = c_usturt
b_sengirkum = c_usturt
b_sumbe = c_usturt
b_akkuduk = c_usturt
b_aksu = c_usturt
b_karamola = c_usturt
b_lambsar = c_qazwin
b_qazwin = c_qazwin
b_ahmadabad = c_qazwin
b_avaj = c_qazwin
b_abeyek = c_qazwin
b_takestan = c_qazwin
b_alvand = c_qazwin
b_buinzahra = c_qazwin
b_javanroud = c_kermanshah
b_kermanshah = c_kermanshah
b_hulwan = c_kermanshah
b_paveh = c_kermanshah
b_mahalkufa = c_kermanshah
b_kangavar = c_kermanshah
b_kuzaran = c_kermanshah
b_ravansar = c_kermanshah
b_dezbar = c_luristan
b_khorramabad = c_luristan
b_borujerd = c_luristan
b_dorood = c_luristan
b_aligoodarz = c_luristan
b_koohdasht = c_luristan
b_poledokhtar = c_luristan
b_alashtar = c_luristan
b_nadjaf = c_al_nadjaf
b_kufah = c_al_nadjaf
b_taqtaqanah = c_al_nadjaf
b_rahbah = c_al_nadjaf
b_jasim = c_al_nadjaf
b_midhrawi = c_al_nadjaf
b_rashid = c_al_nadjaf
b_jaarah = c_al_nadjaf
b_dehloran = c_ilam
b_ilam = c_ilam
b_chahartaghi = c_ilam
b_abdanan = c_ilam
b_hezardar = c_ilam
b_mehran = c_ilam
b_ghalehghiran = c_ilam
b_towhid = c_ilam
b_majaralkabir = c_tigris
b_bismaya = c_tigris
b_qalatsjergat = c_tigris
b_nuffar = c_tigris
b_ishan = c_tigris
b_Warka = c_tigris
b_samawah = c_tigris
b_tellelhiba = c_tigris
b_amarah = c_al_amarah
b_kutelamara = c_al_amarah
b_wasit = c_al_amarah
b_badra = c_al_amarah
b_suwaira = c_al_amarah
b_hai = c_al_amarah
b_azeeziaya = c_al_amarah
b_zurbatiyah = c_al_amarah
b_nasiryah = c_al_nasiryah
b_dhiqar = c_al_nasiryah
b_qalatsukkar = c_al_nasiryah
b_mukayyar = c_al_nasiryah
b_shahrain = c_al_nasiryah
b_telloh = c_al_nasiryah
b_muntafiq = c_al_nasiryah
b_shatra = c_al_nasiryah
b_kufa = c_kufa
b_bussayyah = c_kufa
b_suqash = c_kufa
b_hammar = c_kufa
b_chibayish = c_kufa
b_alqurnah = c_kufa
b_shuyukh = c_kufa
b_ragai = c_kufa
b_hafaralbatin = c_rummah
b_alqalt = c_rummah
b_samoudah = c_rummah
b_qaisumah = c_rummah
b_altheebiyah = c_rummah
b_arraqai = c_rummah
b_assuayerah = c_rummah
b_assufayri = c_rummah
b_kuwait = c_kuwait
b_ikaros = c_kuwait
b_alwafra = c_kuwait
b_khinan = c_kuwait
b_arrawdatayn = c_kuwait
b_ashshuaybah = c_kuwait
b_anthemusias = c_kuwait
b_alfalalheel = c_kuwait
b_basra = c_basra
b_ummqasr = c_basra
b_azzubayr = c_basra
b_arah = c_basra
b_mohammera = c_basra
b_sukelsheyuhk = c_basra
b_kalaatderat = c_basra
b_qurna = c_basra
b_ainaltamur = c_karbala
b_karbala = c_karbala
b_hindiya = c_karbala
b_ofak = c_karbala
b_hamzah = c_karbala
b_shamiyah = c_karbala
b_qisair = c_karbala
b_ukhaidir = c_karbala
b_baqubah = c_baghdad
b_bagdad = c_baghdad
b_hillah = c_baghdad
b_iskandariya = c_baghdad
b_taji = c_baghdad
b_babel = c_baghdad
b_madain = c_baghdad
b_latifiya = c_baghdad
b_alhabbariyah = c_al_habbariyah
b_shabakah = c_al_habbariyah
b_nukhaib = c_al_habbariyah
b_qutaysh = c_al_habbariyah
b_aljirami = c_al_habbariyah
b_adhaman = c_al_habbariyah
b_daydab = c_al_habbariyah
b_nuayj = c_al_habbariyah
b_anah = c_deir
b_anbar = c_deir
b_rutbah = c_deir
b_rawa = c_deir
b_hit = c_deir
b_ramadi = c_deir
b_kasra = c_deir
b_nehardea = c_deir
b_bayji = c_euphrates
b_tagrit = c_euphrates
b_samarra = c_euphrates
b_balad = c_euphrates
b_dujail = c_euphrates
b_amirli = c_euphrates
b_ishaqi = c_euphrates
b_faris = c_euphrates
b_kirkuk = c_kirkuk
b_daquq = c_kirkuk
b_ranya = c_kirkuk
b_halabja = c_kirkuk
b_makhmur = c_kirkuk
b_dukan = c_kirkuk
b_chuartan = c_kirkuk
b_kifri = c_kirkuk
b_mosul = c_mosul
b_bakhdida = c_mosul
b_karamlish = c_mosul
b_shekhan = c_mosul
b_aqrah = c_mosul
b_bartella = c_mosul
b_arbil = c_mosul
b_baqofah = c_mosul
b_duhok = c_kurdistan
b_araden = c_kurdistan
b_bebadi = c_kurdistan
b_dehi = c_kurdistan
b_harmashi = c_kurdistan
b_marqayoma = c_kurdistan
b_dawodiya = c_kurdistan
b_sarsink = c_kurdistan
b_sinjar = c_sinjar
b_hatra = c_sinjar
b_telassar = c_sinjar
b_nineveh = c_sinjar
b_talkayf = c_sinjar
b_baaj = c_sinjar
b_kouyunik = c_sinjar
b_nabiyunus = c_sinjar
b_bira = c_bira
b_tella = c_bira
b_resaina = c_bira
b_qalarebete = c_bira
b_derik = c_bira
b_qoser = c_bira
b_samrah = c_bira
b_stewr = c_bira
b_hasakah = c_al_jazira
b_dayrik = c_al_jazira
b_qamishhlo = c_al_jazira
b_darbasiyah = c_al_jazira
b_teltamer = c_al_jazira
b_hamoukar = c_al_jazira
b_amuda = c_al_jazira
b_dakhiliyah = c_al_jazira
b_kiaburc = c_amida
b_amida = c_amida
b_ulucamii = c_amida
b_suraamede = c_amida
b_mayyafarikin = c_amida
b_hazretisuleymancamii = c_amida
b_egil = c_amida
b_idtodyolataloho = c_amida
b_nusaybin = c_nisibin
b_savur = c_nisibin
b_dairodmorhannanyo = c_nisibin
b_kerburan = c_nisibin
b_cizre = c_nisibin
b_sittiradviyyemadrasa = c_nisibin
b_dayrodmorgabriel = c_nisibin
b_yaqobnsibnaya = c_nisibin
b_turnu = c_turnu
b_giurgiu = c_turnu
b_bucuresti = c_turnu
b_dristra = c_turnu
b_strehaia = c_turnu
b_oltenita = c_turnu
b_rosiorriidevede = c_turnu
b_corabia = c_turnu
b_targoviste = c_tirgoviste
b_curteadearges = c_tirgoviste
b_pitesti = c_tirgoviste
b_campulung = c_tirgoviste
b_calimanesti = c_tirgoviste
b_poenari = c_tirgoviste
b_cotmeana = c_tirgoviste
b_ploiesti = c_tirgoviste
b_severin = c_severin
b_ursova = c_severin
b_craiova = c_severin
b_ramnic = c_severin
b_tirgujiu = c_severin
b_slatina = c_severin
b_caracal = c_severin
b_bals = c_severin
b_galaz = c_galaz
b_vicina = c_galaz
b_aegyssus = c_galaz
b_isaccea = c_galaz
b_macin = c_galaz
b_sulina = c_galaz
b_tulcea = c_galaz
b_crisan = c_galaz
b_iasi = c_peresechen
b_varzaresti = c_peresechen
b_orhei = c_peresechen
b_chisinau = c_peresechen
b_harlau = c_peresechen
b_tuzara = c_peresechen
b_baltile = c_peresechen
b_tutora = c_peresechen
b_torki = c_torki
b_bogdana = c_torki
b_suceava = c_torki
b_cernauti = c_torki
b_hotin = c_torki
b_lipcani = c_torki
b_herta = c_torki
b_siret = c_torki
b_olvia = c_olvia
b_ophusia = c_olvia
b_cetateaalba = c_olvia
b_tighina = c_olvia
b_causeni = c_olvia
b_cainari = c_olvia
b_alibei = c_olvia
b_basarabeasca = c_olvia
b_belgorod = c_belgorod
b_oblucita = c_belgorod
b_chilia = c_belgorod
b_palada = c_belgorod
b_oancea = c_belgorod
b_scheia = c_belgorod
b_tigheci = c_belgorod
b_falciu = c_belgorod
b_barlad = c_birlad
b_husi = c_birlad
b_vaslui = c_birlad
b_galati = c_birlad
b_tecuci = c_birlad
b_braila = c_birlad
b_buzau = c_birlad
b_ramnicusarat = c_birlad
b_pecs = c_pecs
b_kalocsa = c_pecs
b_mohacs = c_pecs
b_sasd = c_pecs
b_pecsvarad = c_pecs
b_siklos = c_pecs
b_szentlorinc = c_pecs
b_darda = c_pecs
b_szekezfehervar = c_szekezfehervar
b_csurgo = c_szekezfehervar
b_kaposvar = c_szekezfehervar
b_szigetvar = c_szekezfehervar
b_barcs = c_szekezfehervar
b_marcali = c_szekezfehervar
b_nagyatad = c_szekezfehervar
b_lengyeltoti = c_szekezfehervar
b_szombathely = c_vas
b_szentgotthard = c_vas
b_vasvar = c_vas
b_sarvar = c_vas
b_celldomolk = c_vas
b_kormend = c_vas
b_koszeg = c_vas
b_nemetujvar = c_vas
b_sarbogard = c_fejer
b_adony = c_fejer
b_mor = c_fejer
b_val = c_fejer
b_szekszard = c_fejer
b_dombovar = c_fejer
b_tamasi = c_fejer
b_bonyhad = c_fejer
b_sopron = c_sopron
b_gyor = c_sopron
b_csorna = c_sopron
b_borsmonostor = c_sopron
b_csepreg = c_sopron
b_kapuvar = c_sopron
b_kismarton = c_sopron
b_nagymarton = c_sopron
b_esztergom = c_esztergom
b_komarom = c_esztergom
b_kakath = c_esztergom
b_tatabanya = c_esztergom
b_nagyigmand = c_esztergom
b_nemesocsa = c_esztergom
b_ogylla = c_esztergom
b_pressburg = c_pressburg
b_nagyszombat = c_pressburg
b_bazin = c_pressburg
b_modor = c_pressburg
b_szentgyorgy = c_pressburg
b_dunaszerdahely = c_pressburg
b_galanta = c_pressburg
b_somorja = c_pressburg
b_nyitra = c_nitra
b_nagytapolcsany = c_nitra
b_stbenedek = c_nitra
b_nagysurany = c_nitra
b_galgoc = c_nitra
b_zabokreky = c_nitra
b_postyen = c_nitra
b_preuigan = c_nitra
b_trencsen = c_trencin
b_zilina = c_trencin
b_turoc = c_trencin
b_ban = c_trencin
b_illava = c_trencin
b_povazskabystrica = c_trencin
b_congsberg = c_trencin
b_puho = c_trencin
b_gomor = c_gemer
b_losonc = c_gemer
b_dobsina = c_gemer
b_rozsnyo = c_gemer
b_balassagyarmat = c_gemer
b_jolsva = c_gemer
b_nagyroce = c_gemer
b_nyustya = c_gemer
b_arvavara = c_orava
b_nameszto = c_orava
b_liptovskymikulas = c_orava
b_zolyom = c_orava
b_trsztena = c_orava
b_turdossin = c_orava
b_nemetlipcse = c_orava
b_rozsahegy = c_orava
b_saris = c_saris
b_bartfa = c_saris
b_kisszeben = c_saris
b_eperjes = c_saris
b_scyuidnyk = c_saris
b_giralth = c_saris
b_hethars = c_saris
b_lemesany = c_saris
b_beregszasz = c_bereg
b_perecseny = c_bereg
b_munkacs = c_bereg
b_ungvar = c_bereg
b_ilosva = c_bereg
b_szolyva = c_bereg
b_szobranc = c_bereg
b_kapos = c_bereg
b_abauj = c_abauj
b_satoraljaujhely = c_abauj
b_kassa = c_abauj
b_szikszo = c_abauj
b_turna = c_abauj
b_szepsi = c_abauj
b_sarospatak = c_abauj
b_tokaj = c_abauj
b_maramarossziget = c_marmaros
b_nagybanya = c_marmaros
b_nagykaroly = c_marmaros
b_huszt = c_marmaros
b_aknasugatag = c_marmaros
b_tecso = c_marmaros
b_raho = c_marmaros
b_felsoviso = c_marmaros
b_heves = c_heves
b_eger = c_heves
b_gyongyos = c_heves
b_miskolc = c_heves
b_petervasara = c_heves
b_hatvan = c_heves
b_tiszafured = c_heves
b_mezokovesd = c_heves
b_pest = c_pest
b_vac = c_pest
b_kecskemet = c_pest
b_kiskunhalas = c_pest
b_szentendre = c_pest
b_cegled = c_pest
b_abrahamtelke = c_pest
b_kiskoros = c_pest
b_csanad = c_csanad
b_szeged = c_csanad
b_mako = c_csanad
b_battonya = c_csanad
b_csongrad = c_csanad
b_mindszent = c_csanad
b_szentes = c_csanad
b_hodmezovasarhely = c_csanad
b_csik = c_szekelyfold
b_aranyos = c_szekelyfold
b_haromszek = c_szekelyfold
b_maros = c_szekelyfold
b_kezdi = c_szekelyfold
b_szekelyudvarhely = c_szekelyfold
b_sepsiszentgyorgy = c_szekelyfold
b_marosvasarhely = c_szekelyfold
b_bihar = c_bihar
b_nagyvarad = c_bihar
b_debrecen = c_bihar
b_biharkeresztes = c_bihar
b_nagybajom = c_bihar
b_szalard = c_bihar
b_zolonta = c_bihar
b_elesd = c_bihar
b_feher = c_feher
b_arad = c_feher
b_gyulafehervar = c_feher
b_elek = c_feher
b_abrudbanya = c_feher
b_nagyenyed = c_feher
b_vizakna = c_feher
b_tovis = c_feher
b_temesvar = c_temes
b_lugos = c_temes
b_csak = c_temes
b_buzias = c_temes
b_versecz = c_temes
b_detta = c_temes
b_kevevara = c_temes
b_karansebes = c_temes
b_bacs = c_bacs
b_apatin = c_bacs
b_szintarev = c_bacs
b_baja = c_bacs
b_zombor = c_bacs
b_bacsalmas = c_bacs
b_pancsova = c_bacs
b_pardany = c_bacs
b_chinon = c_tourraine
b_tours = c_tourraine
b_beaulieu = c_tourraine
b_amboise = c_tourraine
b_loches = c_tourraine
b_langeais = c_tourraine
b_fierbois = c_tourraine
b_montbazon = c_tourraine
b_chateauroux = c_bourges
b_deols = c_bourges
b_bourges = c_bourges
b_issoudun = c_bourges
b_stsatur = c_bourges
b_sancerre = c_bourges
b_mehun = c_bourges
b_vierzon = c_bourges
b_vihiers = c_anjou
b_angers = c_anjou
b_fontevraud = c_anjou
b_saumur = c_anjou
b_montsoreau = c_anjou
b_cholet = c_anjou
b_treves = c_anjou
b_chateaugontier = c_anjou
b_le_mans = c_maine
b_beaumont = c_maine
b_evron = c_maine
b_mayenne = c_maine
b_laval = c_maine
b_sable = c_maine
b_craon = c_maine
b_montenay = c_maine
b_evreux = c_evreux
b_falaise = c_evreux
b_lisieux = c_evreux
b_alencon = c_evreux
b_argentan = c_evreux
b_sees = c_evreux
b_verneuil = c_evreux
b_honfleur = c_evreux
b_caen = c_avranches
b_coutances = c_avranches
b_bayeux = c_avranches
b_avranches = c_avranches
b_mortain = c_avranches
b_domfront = c_avranches
b_barfleur = c_avranches
b_cherbourg = c_avranches
b_larocheguyon = c_vexin
b_mantes = c_vexin
b_pontoise = c_vexin
b_harcourt = c_vexin
b_gisors = c_vexin
b_andely = c_vexin
b_ivry = c_vexin
b_abbayedemortemer = c_vexin
b_fecamp = c_arques
b_rouen = c_arques
b_lillebonne = c_arques
b_harfleur = c_arques
b_arques = c_arques
b_dieppe = c_arques
b_jumieges = c_arques
b_longueville = c_arques
b_eu = c_eu
b_mortemer = c_eu
b_gournay = c_eu
b_aumale = c_eu
b_forges = c_eu
b_drincourt = c_eu
b_neufchatel-en-bray = c_eu
b_serqueux = c_eu
b_gien = c_orleans
b_orleans = c_orleans
b_fleury = c_orleans
b_lepuiset = c_orleans
b_sully = c_orleans
b_meung = c_orleans
b_janville = c_orleans
b_jargeau = c_orleans
b_beaugency = c_blois
b_blois = c_blois
b_staignan = c_blois
b_chaumontsurloire = c_blois
b_montrichard = c_blois
b_fougeressurbievre = c_blois
b_romorantin = c_blois
b_stgeorgesdubois = c_blois
b_lavardin = c_vendome
b_vendome = c_vendome
b_cloyes = c_vendome
b_freteval = c_vendome
b_chateaurenault = c_vendome
b_montoire = c_vendome
b_montmirail = c_vendome
b_stavit = c_vendome
b_chateaudun = c_chartres
b_chartres = c_chartres
b_dreux = c_chartres
b_nogent = c_chartres
b_gallardon = c_chartres
b_epernon = c_chartres
b_bonneval = c_chartres
b_tiron = c_chartres
b_brienne = c_troyes
b_troyes = c_troyes
b_langres = c_troyes
b_chaumont = c_troyes
b_clairvaux = c_troyes
b_rosnay = c_troyes
b_chacenay = c_troyes
b_reims = c_reims
b_chateauthierry = c_reims
b_provins = c_reims
b_chalons = c_reims
b_chatillon = c_reims
b_vertus = c_reims
b_epernay = c_reims
b_roucy = c_reims
b_montargis = c_sens
b_sens = c_sens
b_nemours = c_sens
b_chateaulandon = c_sens
b_nogentsurseine = c_sens
b_joigny = c_sens
b_montereau = c_sens
b_villeneuveleroi = c_sens
b_paris = c_ile_de_france
b_melun = c_ile_de_france
b_stdenis = c_ile_de_france
b_meaux = c_ile_de_france
b_etampes = c_ile_de_france
b_montfortlamaury = c_ile_de_france
b_senlis = c_ile_de_france
b_compiegne = c_ile_de_france
b_coucy = c_vermandois
b_stquentin = c_vermandois
b_laon = c_vermandois
b_crepy = c_vermandois
b_montaigu = c_vermandois
b_rethel = c_vermandois
b_guise = c_vermandois
b_signy = c_vermandois
b_peronne = c_amiens
b_amiens = c_amiens
b_beauvais = c_amiens
b_soissons = c_amiens
b_corbie = c_amiens
b_noyon = c_amiens
b_montdidier = c_amiens
b_breteuil = c_amiens
b_brancion = c_chalons
b_chalon = c_chalons
b_tournus = c_chalons
b_louhans = c_chalons
b_chamilly = c_chalons
b_seurre = c_chalons
b_stjeandelosne = c_chalons
b_cuisery = c_chalons
b_auxerre = c_auxerre
b_druyes = c_auxerre
b_tonnerre = c_auxerre
b_pontigny = c_auxerre
b_cravant = c_auxerre
b_crisenon = c_auxerre
b_stsauveurenpuisaye = c_auxerre
b_mailly = c_auxerre
b_fuisse = c_macon
b_macon = c_macon
b_cluny = c_macon
b_davaye = c_macon
b_beaujeu = c_macon
b_lugny = c_macon
b_berze = c_macon
b_villefranchesursaone = c_macon
b_semur = c_dijon
b_dijon = c_dijon
b_autun = c_dijon
b_vezelay = c_dijon
b_avallon = c_dijon
b_citeaux = c_dijon
b_beaune = c_dijon
b_noyers = c_dijon
b_courtenay = c_nevers
b_nevers = c_nevers
b_lacharite = c_nevers
b_donzy = c_nevers
b_chateauchinon = c_nevers
b_vandenesse = c_nevers
b_clamecy = c_nevers
b_cosne = c_nevers
b_montstvincent = c_charolais
b_charolles = c_charolais
b_paray = c_charolais
b_semurenbrionnais = c_charolais
b_toulonsurarroux = c_charolais
b_perrecy = c_charolais
b_digoine = c_charolais
b_joncy = c_charolais
b_castillon = c_bordeaux
b_bordeaux = c_bordeaux
b_stemilion = c_bordeaux
b_blaye = c_bordeaux
b_bourg = c_bordeaux
b_lasauve = c_bordeaux
b_lareole = c_bordeaux
b_libourne = c_bordeaux
b_agen = c_agen
b_penne = c_agen
b_cahors = c_agen
b_luzech = c_agen
b_moissac = c_agen
b_figeac = c_agen
b_rocamadour = c_agen
b_blanquefort = c_agen
b_baneuil = c_perigord
b_perigueux = c_perigord
b_sarlat = c_perigord
b_biron = c_perigord
b_auberoche = c_perigord
b_bergerac = c_perigord
b_chancelade = c_perigord
b_bonaguil = c_perigord
b_jarnac = c_angouleme
b_angouleme = c_angouleme
b_bassac = c_angouleme
b_larochefoucauld = c_angouleme
b_cognac = c_angouleme
b_richemont = c_angouleme
b_fontdouce = c_angouleme
b_latranchade = c_angouleme
b_beaucaire = c_montpellier
b_montpellier = c_montpellier
b_maguelone = c_montpellier
b_nimes = c_montpellier
b_aiguesmortes = c_montpellier
b_bagnolssurceze = c_montpellier
b_saintguilhemledesert = c_montpellier
b_melgueil = c_montpellier
b_albi = c_narbonne
b_narbonne = c_narbonne
b_agde = c_narbonne
b_beziers = c_narbonne
b_puisserguier = c_narbonne
b_stponsdethomieres = c_narbonne
b_castres = c_narbonne
b_queribus = c_narbonne
b_saissac = c_carcassonne
b_carcassonne = c_carcassonne
b_alet = c_carcassonne
b_termes = c_carcassonne
b_lagrasse = c_carcassonne
b_lastours = c_carcassonne
b_cabaret = c_carcassonne
b_minerve = c_carcassonne
b_castelnaudary = c_toulouse
b_toulouse = c_toulouse
b_lavaur = c_toulouse
b_montauban = c_toulouse
b_lombez = c_toulouse
b_hautpoul = c_toulouse
b_montgiscard = c_toulouse
b_muret = c_toulouse
b_rodez = c_rouergue
b_millau = c_rouergue
b_vabres = c_rouergue
b_najac = c_rouergue
b_villefranche = c_rouergue
b_caylus = c_rouergue
b_staffrique = c_rouergue
b_estaing = c_rouergue
b_foix = c_foix
b_pamiers = c_foix
b_mirepoix = c_foix
b_montsegur = c_foix
b_stbertrand = c_foix
b_roquefeuil = c_foix
b_stgaudens = c_foix
b_usson = c_foix
b_pau = c_bearn
b_morlaas = c_bearn
b_lescar = c_bearn
b_tarbes = c_bearn
b_mauleonlicharre = c_bearn
b_orthez = c_bearn
b_oloron = c_bearn
b_montaner = c_bearn
b_castelnau = c_armagnac
b_auch = c_armagnac
b_condom = c_armagnac
b_lectoure = c_armagnac
b_lisle = c_armagnac
b_eauze = c_armagnac
b_mirande = c_armagnac
b_laplume = c_armagnac
b_sauveterre = c_labourd
b_bayonne = c_labourd
b_stsever = c_labourd
b_dax = c_labourd
b_aire = c_labourd
b_labastideclairence = c_labourd
b_sorde = c_labourd
b_hasparren = c_labourd
b_labrit = c_albret
b_tartas = c_albret
b_bazas = c_albret
b_roquefort = c_albret
b_montdemarsan = c_albret
b_gabarret = c_albret
b_mimizan = c_albret
b_latestedebuch = c_albret
b_lusignan = c_lusignan
b_charroux = c_lusignan
b_niort = c_lusignan
b_melle = c_lusignan
b_civray = c_lusignan
b_maillezais = c_lusignan
b_confolens = c_lusignan
b_stmaixent = c_lusignan
b_montguyon = c_saintonge
b_saintes = c_saintonge
b_stjeandangely = c_saintonge
b_villeneuve = c_saintonge
b_tonnay = c_saintonge
b_aulnay = c_saintonge
b_royan = c_saintonge
b_taillebourg = c_saintonge
b_chauvigny = c_poitiers
b_poitiers = c_poitiers
b_stsavin = c_poitiers
b_moncontour = c_poitiers
b_mirebeau = c_poitiers
b_parthenay = c_poitiers
b_loudun = c_poitiers
b_chatellerault = c_poitiers
b_thouars = c_thouars
b_larochelle = c_thouars
b_lucon = c_thouars
b_chatelaillon = c_thouars
b_bressuire = c_thouars
b_olonne = c_thouars
b_mauleon = c_thouars
b_fontenay = c_thouars
b_tournoel = c_auvergne
b_clermont = c_auvergne
b_mozac = c_auvergne
b_murol = c_auvergne
b_aurillac = c_auvergne
b_carlat = c_auvergne
b_brioude = c_auvergne
b_domeyrat = c_auvergne
b_grezes = c_gevaudan
b_mende = c_gevaudan
b_lepuy = c_gevaudan
b_apchier = c_gevaudan
b_marvejols = c_gevaudan
b_florac = c_gevaudan
b_stsauveur = c_gevaudan
b_tournel = c_gevaudan
b_bourbon = c_bourbon
b_moulins = c_bourbon
b_lancy = c_bourbon
b_montlucon = c_bourbon
b_vichy = c_bourbon
b_murat = c_bourbon
b_souvigny = c_bourbon
b_montpensier = c_bourbon
b_turenne = c_limousin
b_limoges = c_limousin
b_comborn = c_limousin
b_rochechouart = c_limousin
b_thiviers = c_limousin
b_stleonard = c_limousin
b_ventadour = c_limousin
b_chalus = c_limousin
b_crozant = c_la_marche
b_bellac = c_la_marche
b_gueret = c_la_marche
b_aubusson = c_la_marche
b_boussac = c_la_marche
b_lasouterraine = c_la_marche
b_bourganeuf = c_la_marche
b_jouillat = c_la_marche
b_nantes = c_nantes
b_chateaubriant = c_nantes
b_redon = c_nantes
b_guerande = c_nantes
b_clisson = c_nantes
b_donges = c_nantes
b_la_roche-bernard = c_nantes
b_st_nazaire = c_nantes
b_vannes = c_vannes
b_josselin = c_vannes
b_st_gildas = c_vannes
b_locmine = c_vannes
b_hennebont = c_vannes
b_pontivy = c_vannes
b_auray = c_vannes
b_ploermel = c_vannes
b_quimper = c_cornouaille
b_carhaix = c_cornouaille
b_quimperle = c_cornouaille
b_landevennec = c_cornouaille
b_corlay = c_cornouaille
b_huelgoat = c_cornouaille
b_langonnet = c_cornouaille
b_lezergue = c_cornouaille
b_brest = c_french_leon
b_guingamp = c_french_leon
b_st_pol_de_leon = c_french_leon
b_treguier = c_french_leon
b_morlaix = c_french_leon
b_roscoff = c_french_leon
b_plougonven = c_french_leon
b_plourivo = c_french_leon
b_verdelet = c_penthievre
b_st_brieuc = c_penthievre
b_monkontour = c_penthievre
b_peran = c_penthievre
b_loudeac = c_penthievre
b_paimpol = c_penthievre
b_chatelaudren = c_penthievre
b_quintin = c_penthievre
b_rennes = c_rennes
b_fougeres = c_rennes
b_st_michel = c_rennes
b_st_malo = c_rennes
b_dol = c_rennes
b_dinan = c_rennes
b_st_meen = c_rennes
b_porhoet = c_rennes
b_arles = c_provence
b_aix = c_provence
b_marseille = c_provence
b_grimaud = c_provence
b_frejus = c_provence
b_grasse = c_provence
b_castellane = c_provence
b_tarascon = c_provence
b_forcalquier = c_forcalquier
b_nyons = c_forcalquier
b_embrun = c_forcalquier
b_sisteron = c_forcalquier
b_briancon = c_forcalquier
b_vaison = c_forcalquier
b_gap = c_forcalquier
b_apt = c_forcalquier
b_orange = c_venaissin
b_avignon = c_venaissin
b_cavaillon = c_venaissin
b_venasque = c_venaissin
b_carpentras = c_venaissin
b_chateauneufdupape = c_venaissin
b_stpaul = c_venaissin
b_mondragon = c_venaissin
b_nizza = c_nice
b_monaco = c_nice
b_mentone = c_nice
b_antibes = c_nice
b_sanremo = c_nice
b_campogrosso = c_nice
b_lantosque = c_nice
b_contes = c_nice
b_savosusa = c_savoie
b_tarentaise = c_savoie
b_ciamberi = c_savoie
b_aosta = c_savoie
b_pombia = c_savoie
b_montjovet = c_savoie
b_vercelli = c_savoie
b_bussoleno = c_savoie
b_brig = c_valais
b_monthey = c_valais
b_aigle = c_valais
b_martigny = c_valais
b_siders = c_valais
b_sitten = c_valais
b_greyerz = c_valais
b_chateaudoex = c_valais
b_geneve = c_geneve
b_romainmotier = c_geneve
b_nyon = c_geneve
b_lausanne = c_geneve
b_echallens = c_geneve
b_aubonne = c_geneve
b_orbe = c_geneve
b_thonon = c_geneve
b_montelimar = c_dauphine_viennois
b_vienne = c_dauphine_viennois
b_valence = c_dauphine_viennois
b_grenoble = c_dauphine_viennois
b_chartreuse = c_dauphine_viennois
b_albon = c_dauphine_viennois
b_stantoine = c_dauphine_viennois
b_valreas = c_dauphine_viennois
b_brindas = c_lyon
b_stjeanbaptiste = c_lyon
b_lyon = c_lyon
b_anse = c_lyon
b_chessy = c_lyon
b_lacenas = c_lyon
b_pusignan = c_lyon
b_irigny = c_lyon
b_couzan = c_forez
b_montbrison = c_forez
b_thiers = c_forez
b_feurs = c_forez
b_roanne = c_forez
b_charlieu = c_forez
b_chalmazel = c_forez
b_stetienne = c_forez
b_aubenas = c_viviers
b_tournon = c_viviers
b_viviers = c_viviers
b_albalaromaine = c_viviers
b_privas = c_viviers
b_lecheylard = c_viviers
b_largentiere = c_viviers
b_joyeuse = c_viviers
b_bellinzona = c_grisons
b_disentis = c_grisons
b_locarno = c_grisons
b_biasca = c_grisons
b_domo = c_grisons
b_lugano = c_grisons
b_musso = c_grisons
b_mendrisio = c_grisons
b_neuchatel = c_neuchatel
b_stimier = c_neuchatel
b_fribourg = c_neuchatel
b_grandson = c_neuchatel
b_yverdon = c_neuchatel
b_estavayer = c_neuchatel
b_avences = c_neuchatel
b_murten = c_neuchatel
b_bern = c_bern
b_interlaken = c_bern
b_luzern = c_bern
b_biel = c_bern
b_sempach = c_bern
b_langenthal = c_bern
b_kyburg = c_bern
b_sursee = c_bern
b_schwyz = c_schwyz
b_engelberg = c_schwyz
b_zurich = c_schwyz
b_zug = c_schwyz
b_altdorf = c_schwyz
b_stans = c_schwyz
b_glarus = c_schwyz
b_winterthur = c_schwyz
b_aargau = c_aargau
b_basel = c_aargau
b_solothurn = c_aargau
b_habsburg = c_aargau
b_rheinfelden = c_aargau
b_schaffhausen = c_aargau
b_lenzburg = c_aargau
b_laufenburg = c_aargau
b_besancon = c_besancon
b_belfort = c_besancon
b_vesoul = c_besancon
b_montbeliard = c_besancon
b_beaucourt = c_besancon
b_valdahon = c_besancon
b_maiche = c_besancon
b_morteau = c_besancon
b_aguilardecampo = c_burgos
b_burgos = c_burgos
b_palencia = c_burgos
b_silos = c_burgos
b_castrobarte = c_burgos
b_mirandadeebro = c_burgos
b_arandadeduero = c_burgos
b_carrion = c_burgos
b_valladolid = c_valladolid
b_tordesillas = c_valladolid
b_segovia = c_valladolid
b_medinadelcampo = c_valladolid
b_simancas = c_valladolid
b_penafiel = c_valladolid
b_iscar = c_valladolid
b_avila = c_valladolid
b_soria = c_soria
b_osma = c_soria
b_almazan = c_soria
b_gormaz = c_soria
b_castromoro = c_soria
b_medinacelli = c_soria
b_sanleonardodeyague = c_soria
b_covaleda = c_soria
b_santander = c_asturias_de_santillana
b_santillanadelmar = c_asturias_de_santillana
b_laredo = c_asturias_de_santillana
b_castrourdiales = c_asturias_de_santillana
b_santona = c_asturias_de_santillana
b_reinosa = c_asturias_de_santillana
b_suances = c_asturias_de_santillana
b_camargo = c_asturias_de_santillana
b_albarracin = c_albarracin
b_teruel = c_albarracin
b_hijar = c_albarracin
b_utrillas = c_albarracin
b_calanda = c_albarracin
b_montalban = c_albarracin
b_alcaniz = c_albarracin
b_calamocha = c_albarracin
b_jaca = c_alto_aragon
b_huesca = c_alto_aragon
b_barbastro = c_alto_aragon
b_loarre = c_alto_aragon
b_ayerbe = c_alto_aragon
b_almudevar = c_alto_aragon
b_uncastillo = c_alto_aragon
b_alquezar = c_alto_aragon
b_alagon = c_zaragoza
b_zaragoza = c_zaragoza
b_veruela = c_zaragoza
b_caspe = c_zaragoza
b_borja = c_zaragoza
b_medianadearagon = c_zaragoza
b_ejea = c_zaragoza
b_epila = c_zaragoza
b_calatayud = c_calatayud
b_piedra = c_calatayud
b_alhamadearagon = c_calatayud
b_nuevalos = c_calatayud
b_daroca = c_calatayud
b_munebrega = c_calatayud
b_calmarza = c_calatayud
b_cimballa = c_calatayud
b_berga = c_barcelona
b_barcelona = c_barcelona
b_vic = c_barcelona
b_manresa = c_barcelona
b_osona = c_barcelona
b_igualada = c_barcelona
b_vallparadis = c_barcelona
b_provencana = c_barcelona
b_pallars = c_urgell
b_urgell = c_urgell
b_suert = c_urgell
b_viella = c_urgell
b_puigcerda = c_urgell
b_valledebohi = c_urgell
b_elpuidesegur = c_urgell
b_tremp = c_urgell
b_cotlliure = c_rosello
b_perpinya = c_rosello
b_elna = c_rosello
b_cuixa = c_rosello
b_prada = c_rosello
b_oltrera = c_rosello
b_canigo = c_rosello
b_ceret = c_rosello
b_empuries = c_empuries
b_labisbaldemporda = c_empuries
b_girona = c_empuries
b_figueras = c_empuries
b_cerdana = c_empuries
b_besalu = c_empuries
b_banyoles = c_empuries
b_castelldaro = c_empuries
b_lleida = c_lleida
b_cervera = c_lleida
b_solsona = c_lleida
b_agramunt = c_lleida
b_tarrega = c_lleida
b_balaguer = c_lleida
b_borgesblanques = c_lleida
b_verdu = c_lleida
b_tarragona = c_tarragona
b_spantortosa = c_tarragona
b_cambrils = c_tarragona
b_reus = c_tarragona
b_montblanc = c_tarragona
b_vendrell = c_tarragona
b_amposta = c_tarragona
b_sancugat = c_tarragona
b_castellon = c_castellon
b_alpuente = c_castellon
b_nules = c_castellon
b_vinaros = c_castellon
b_morella = c_castellon
b_vilarreal = c_castellon
b_burriana = c_castellon
b_alcalaten = c_castellon
b_gandia = c_valencia
b_valencia = c_valencia
b_jativa = c_valencia
b_cuartdepoblet = c_valencia
b_alberique = c_valencia
b_alacuas = c_valencia
b_torrent = c_valencia
b_chiva = c_valencia
b_denia = c_denia
b_alicante = c_denia
b_elche = c_denia
b_villena = c_denia
b_orihuela = c_denia
b_castalla = c_denia
b_albatera = c_denia
b_benissa = c_denia
b_alcudia = c_mallorca
b_palma = c_mallorca
b_algaida = c_mallorca
b_felanitx = c_mallorca
b_santaponsa = c_mallorca
b_eivissa = c_mallorca
b_manacor = c_mallorca
b_formentera = c_mallorca
b_ciutadella = c_menorca
b_mahon = c_menorca
b_alaior = c_menorca
b_santaagueda = c_menorca
b_esmercadal = c_menorca
b_santlluis = c_menorca
b_ferreries = c_menorca
b_escastell = c_menorca
b_irun = c_viscaya
b_sansebastian = c_viscaya
b_eibar = c_viscaya
b_onate = c_viscaya
b_tolosa = c_viscaya
b_bilbao = c_viscaya
b_vitoria = c_viscaya
b_guernica = c_viscaya
b_pamplona = c_navarra
b_leyre = c_navarra
b_tudela = c_navarra
b_tafalla = c_navarra
b_olite = c_navarra
b_carcastillo = c_navarra
b_sanguesa = c_navarra
b_estella = c_navarra
b_haro = c_najera
b_logrone = c_najera
b_calahorra = c_najera
b_najera = c_najera
b_arnedo = c_najera
b_alfara = c_najera
b_zizurmayor = c_najera
b_santodomingodelacalzada = c_najera
b_oviedo = c_asturias_de_oviedo
b_gijon = c_asturias_de_oviedo
b_cangasdeonis = c_asturias_de_oviedo
b_tineo = c_asturias_de_oviedo
b_cangasdelnarcea = c_asturias_de_oviedo
b_villaviciosa = c_asturias_de_oviedo
b_luarca = c_asturias_de_oviedo
b_norena = c_asturias_de_oviedo
b_ponferrada = c_astorga
b_bembibre = c_astorga
b_ribadelago = c_astorga
b_cacabelos = c_astorga
b_fabero = c_astorga
b_camponaraya = c_astorga
b_toreno = c_astorga
b_astorga = c_astorga
b_leon = c_leon
b_valenciadecampos = c_leon
b_villablino = c_leon
b_sanpedrodeperix = c_leon
b_saldana = c_leon
b_sahagun = c_leon
b_larobla = c_leon
b_cistierna = c_leon
b_zamora = c_zamora
b_benavente = c_zamora
b_fermoselle = c_zamora
b_toro = c_zamora
b_sanabria = c_zamora
b_corrales = c_zamora
b_fuentesauco = c_zamora
b_polvorosa = c_zamora
b_salbejar = c_salamanca
b_salamanca = c_salamanca
b_ciudadrodrigo = c_salamanca
b_bracamonte = c_salamanca
b_albadetormes = c_salamanca
b_terradillos = c_salamanca
b_carbajosadelasagrada = c_salamanca
b_lumbrales = c_salamanca
b_corunna = c_coruna
b_mondonedo = c_coruna
b_lugo = c_coruna
b_ferrol = c_coruna
b_villalba = c_coruna
b_viveiro = c_coruna
b_burela = c_coruna
b_triacastela = c_coruna
b_santiago = c_santiago
b_vigo = c_santiago
b_pontevedra = c_santiago
b_tuy = c_santiago
b_ourense = c_santiago
b_verin = c_santiago
b_padron = c_santiago
b_vilagarcia = c_santiago
b_braga = c_porto
b_porto = c_porto
b_guimaraes = c_porto
b_vianadocastelo = c_porto
b_pontedelima = c_porto
b_barcelos = c_porto
b_arcosdevaldevez = c_porto
b_moncao = c_porto
b_braganza = c_braganza
b_chaves = c_braganza
b_vilareal = c_braganza
b_torredemoncorvo = c_braganza
b_mogadouro = c_braganza
b_castelomelhor = c_braganza
b_castelorodrigo = c_braganza
b_azinhoso = c_braganza
b_castelobranco = c_castelo_branco
b_guarda = c_castelo_branco
b_covilha = c_castelo_branco
b_acores = c_castelo_branco
b_trancoso = c_castelo_branco
b_sabugal = c_castelo_branco
b_pinhel = c_castelo_branco
b_almeida = c_castelo_branco
b_coimbra = c_coimbra
b_viseu = c_coimbra
b_aveiro = c_coimbra
b_pedondo = c_coimbra
b_cantanhede = c_coimbra
b_condeixa = c_coimbra
b_montereal = c_coimbra
b_penela = c_coimbra
b_lisboa = c_lisboa
b_alcobaca = c_lisboa
b_setubal = c_lisboa
b_batalha = c_lisboa
b_alenquer = c_lisboa
b_santarem = c_lisboa
b_atouguia = c_lisboa
b_tomar = c_lisboa
b_avis = c_evora
b_evora = c_evora
b_portalegre = c_evora
b_marvao = c_evora
b_castelodevide = c_evora
b_crato = c_evora
b_monforte = c_evora
b_ouguela = c_evora
b_alcacerdosal = c_alcacer_do_sal
b_alcacovas = c_alcacer_do_sal
b_espinheiro = c_alcacer_do_sal
b_montemoronovo = c_alcacer_do_sal
b_alvito = c_alcacer_do_sal
b_santiagodocacem = c_alcacer_do_sal
b_sines = c_alcacer_do_sal
b_grandola = c_alcacer_do_sal
b_mertola = c_mertola
b_beja = c_mertola
b_monsaraz = c_mertola
b_noudal = c_mertola
b_moura = c_mertola
b_portel = c_mertola
b_serpa = c_mertola
b_mourao = c_mertola
b_aljustrel = c_silves
b_silves = c_silves
b_lagos = c_silves
b_castroverde = c_silves
b_odemira = c_silves
b_ourique = c_silves
b_monchique = c_silves
b_almodovar = c_silves
b_faro = c_faro
b_loule = c_faro
b_tavira = c_faro
b_castromarim = c_faro
b_alcoutim = c_faro
b_aljezur = c_faro
b_saobrasdealportel = c_faro
b_olhao = c_faro
b_cordoba = c_cordoba
b_alcolea = c_cordoba
b_cabra = c_cordoba
b_andujar = c_cordoba
b_lucena = c_cordoba
b_martos = c_cordoba
b_belalcazar = c_cordoba
b_canetedelastorres = c_cordoba
b_alarcon = c_la_mancha
b_laroda = c_la_mancha
b_tarazona = c_la_mancha
b_quintanardelrey = c_la_mancha
b_lagineta = c_la_mancha
b_barrax = c_la_mancha
b_munera = c_la_mancha
b_jorquera = c_la_mancha
b_calatrava = c_calatrava
b_villareal = c_calatrava
b_caracuel = c_calatrava
b_alcazardesanjuan = c_calatrava
b_alarcos = c_calatrava
b_medellin = c_calatrava
b_almadeo = c_calatrava
b_almodovardelcampo = c_calatrava
b_almansa = c_almansa
b_albacete = c_almansa
b_hellin = c_almansa
b_caudete = c_almansa
b_villarrobledo = c_almansa
b_alcaladeljucar = c_almansa
b_pozocanada = c_almansa
b_tobarra = c_almansa
b_murcia = c_murcia
b_cartagena = c_murcia
b_lorca = c_murcia
b_alcantarilla = c_murcia
b_medinasiyasa = c_murcia
b_molinalaseca = c_murcia
b_yecla = c_murcia
b_nogalte = c_murcia
b_jaen = c_granada
b_granada = c_granada
b_elvira = c_granada
b_baeza = c_granada
b_moclin = c_granada
b_iznajar = c_granada
b_guadix = c_granada
b_huelma = c_granada
b_pechina = c_almeria
b_almeria = c_almeria
b_baza = c_almeria
b_berja = c_almeria
b_motril = c_almeria
b_albox = c_almeria
b_purchena = c_almeria
b_vera = c_almeria
b_antequera = c_malaga
b_malaga = c_malaga
b_benalmadena = c_malaga
b_tamisa = c_malaga
b_coin = c_malaga
b_suel = c_malaga
b_cartajima = c_malaga
b_velezmalaga = c_malaga
b_carmona = c_sevilla
b_sevilla = c_sevilla
b_ecija = c_sevilla
b_sevimoron = c_sevilla
b_alcaladeguadaira = c_sevilla
b_doshermanas = c_sevilla
b_laalgaba = c_sevilla
b_utrera = c_sevilla
b_jerez = c_cadiz
b_cadiz = c_cadiz
b_medinasidonia = c_cadiz
b_arcos = c_cadiz
b_sanjosedelvalle = c_cadiz
b_sanlucadebarrameda = c_cadiz
b_sanfernando = c_cadiz
b_alcaladelosgazules = c_cadiz
b_gibraltar = c_algeciras
b_algericas = c_algeciras
b_ronda = c_algeciras
b_sanroque = c_algeciras
b_tarifa = c_algeciras
b_estepona = c_algeciras
b_jimenadelafrontera = c_algeciras
b_casares = c_algeciras
b_aracena = c_aracena
b_italica = c_aracena
b_almonasterlareal = c_aracena
b_calanas = c_aracena
b_cortegana = c_aracena
b_facanias = c_aracena
b_alajar = c_aracena
b_galaroza = c_aracena
b_huelva = c_niebla
b_niebla = c_niebla
b_lepe = c_niebla
b_gibraleon = c_niebla
b_nerva = c_niebla
b_moguer = c_niebla
b_almonte = c_niebla
b_aljaraque = c_niebla
b_hervas = c_plasencia
b_plasencia = c_plasencia
b_jaraiz = c_plasencia
b_lazarza = c_plasencia
b_montehermoso = c_plasencia
b_ventadelmoral = c_plasencia
b_jarandilla = c_plasencia
b_talayuela = c_plasencia
b_alcantara = c_alcantara
b_coria = c_alcantara
b_moraleja = c_alcantara
b_brozas = c_alcantara
b_lamata = c_alcantara
b_racharachel = c_alcantara
b_lasnavasdelmadrono = c_alcantara
b_ceclavin = c_alcantara
b_caceres = c_caceres
b_guadalupe = c_caceres
b_trujillo = c_caceres
b_alburquerque = c_caceres
b_alia = c_caceres
b_arroyodelalluz = c_caceres
b_logrosan = c_caceres
b_alcuescar = c_caceres
b_jerezdeloscaballeros = c_badajoz
b_badajoz = c_badajoz
b_merida = c_badajoz
b_zafra = c_badajoz
b_almendralejo = c_badajoz
b_villalbadelosbarros = c_badajoz
b_guarena = c_badajoz
b_fuentedelmaestre = c_badajoz
b_madrid = c_toledo
b_toledo = c_toledo
b_orgaz = c_toledo
b_tolemora = c_toledo
b_talavera = c_toledo
b_consuegra = c_toledo
b_fuensalida = c_toledo
b_illescas = c_toledo
b_hinojosa = c_molina
b_molina = c_molina
b_elpedregal = c_molina
b_pinilla = c_molina
b_cabanillasdelcampo = c_molina
b_elcasar = c_molina
b_maranchon = c_molina
b_olmeda = c_molina
b_siguenza = c_cuenca
b_cuenca = c_cuenca
b_guadalajara = c_cuenca
b_ucles = c_cuenca
b_laspedroneras = c_cuenca
b_villanuevadelajara = c_cuenca
b_tarancon = c_cuenca
b_sisante = c_cuenca
b_motadelcuervo = c_cuenca
b_aqabah = c_al_aqabah
b_reeshah = c_al_aqabah
b_quwairah = c_al_aqabah
b_mazraa = c_al_aqabah
b_feifa = c_al_aqabah
b_samar = c_al_aqabah
b_elifaz = c_al_aqabah
b_yotvata = c_al_aqabah
b_shaka = c_ar_ar
b_ammaryah = c_ar_ar
b_dumat_al_jundal = c_ar_ar
b_umm_kunsur = c_ar_ar
b_ruthiyah = c_ar_ar
b_qasa = c_ar_ar
b_uwayquilah = c_ar_ar
b_judaidah = c_ar_ar
b_maan = c_maan
b_mutah = c_maan
b_shubak = c_maan
b_maanaljafr = c_maan
b_buseira = c_maan
b_maanalhasa = c_maan
b_afra = c_maan
b_bubeita = c_maan
b_tabuk = c_tabuk
b_duba = c_tabuk
b_mariyiat = c_tabuk
b_muwaylih = c_tabuk
b_abu_ujayyijat = c_tabuk
b_gabouk = c_tabuk
b_shaghab = c_tabuk
b_sharmah = c_tabuk
b_tophel = c_petra
b_petra = c_petra
b_wadi_musa = c_petra
b_bozrah = c_petra
b_shoubak = c_petra
b_abdelliya = c_petra
b_hamza = c_petra
b_husseiniya = c_petra
b_al_jawf = c_al_jawf
b_sakakah = c_al_jawf
b_aladan = c_al_jawf
b_dumat_al_jandal = c_al_jawf
b_radifah = c_al_jawf
b_tuwayr = c_al_jawf
b_tyer = c_al_jawf
b_qurayyat = c_al_jawf
b_al_ola = c_hijaz
b_tayma = c_hijaz
b_leuke_kome = c_hijaz
b_higra = c_hijaz
b_madain_salih = c_hijaz
b_mughayra = c_hijaz
b_samur = c_hijaz
b_tawala = c_hijaz
b_medina = c_medina
b_khaybar = c_medina
b_rabig = c_medina
b_yanbu = c_medina
b_kuba = c_medina
b_farsh = c_medina
b_sidi_hamzah = c_medina
b_milha = c_medina
b_mecca = c_mecca
b_jeddah = c_mecca
b_taif = c_mecca
b_al_johfa = c_mecca
b_turubah = c_mecca
b_al_lith = c_mecca
b_jmumum = c_mecca
b_qunfudhah = c_mecca
b_kamaran = c_asir
b_bahah = c_asir
b_najran = c_asir
b_sadah = c_asir
b_hajjah = c_asir
b_hamr = c_asir
b_huth = c_asir
b_abs = c_asir
b_bayda = c_bayda
b_habban = c_bayda
b_ashshubaykah = c_bayda
b_timna = c_bayda
b_ataq = c_bayda
b_zinjibar = c_bayda
b_alkhabr = c_bayda
b_yashbum = c_bayda
b_sanaa = c_sanaa
b_marib = c_sanaa
b_qataba = c_sanaa
b_dhamar = c_sanaa
b_jabalannabishuayb = c_sanaa
b_jabaltiyal = c_sanaa
b_hodeida = c_sanaa
b_harib = c_sanaa
b_ibb = c_taizz
b_mocha = c_taizz
b_taizz = c_taizz
b_zafar = c_taizz
b_perim = c_taizz
b_shuqra = c_taizz
b_jibla = c_taizz
b_dhisufal = c_taizz
b_aden = c_aden
b_lahej = c_aden
b_dhala = c_aden
b_alawbhali = c_aden
b_jaar = c_aden
b_alkawd = c_aden
b_almilah = c_aden
b_alarbadi = c_aden
b_shabwa = c_kathiri
b_lodar = c_kathiri
b_qana = c_kathiri
b_seiyun = c_kathiri
b_mukalla = c_kathiri
b_shihar = c_kathiri
b_nisab = c_kathiri
b_azzan = c_kathiri
b_qualnsiyah = c_socotra
b_tamrida = c_socotra
b_qadub = c_socotra
b_steroh = c_socotra
b_asma = c_socotra
b_siqirah = c_socotra
b_qashiu = c_socotra
b_sohar = c_dhu_zabi
b_dibba = c_dhu_zabi
b_qutuf = c_dhu_zabi
b_dhuzabi = c_dhu_zabi
b_khorfakkan = c_dhu_zabi
b_dubai = c_dhu_zabi
b_julfar = c_dhu_zabi
b_sharjah = c_dhu_zabi
b_alhamra = c_hajar
b_nizwa = c_hajar
b_ibri = c_hajar
b_jabrin = c_hajar
b_rustaq = c_hajar
b_haran = c_hajar
b_masruq = c_hajar
b_yanqui = c_hajar
b_muscat = c_muscat
b_sur = c_muscat
b_samail = c_muscat
b_adam = c_muscat
b_ibra = c_muscat
b_sabt = c_muscat
b_lizq = c_muscat
b_shiya = c_muscat
b_duqm = c_duqm
b_aljazir = c_duqm
b_bank = c_duqm
b_harima = c_duqm
b_nimr = c_duqm
b_mahut = c_duqm
b_hubara = c_duqm
b_masirah = c_duqm
b_salalah = c_dhofar
b_thamarit = c_dhofar
b_raysut = c_dhofar
b_amal = c_dhofar
b_shisr = c_dhofar
b_dawkah = c_dhofar
b_durrah = c_dhofar
b_harzan = c_dhofar
b_ghaydah = c_mahra
b_nishtun = c_mahra
b_damqwat = c_mahra
b_qishn = c_mahra
b_haswayn = c_mahra
b_itab = c_mahra
b_alkurah = c_mahra
b_alhalya = c_mahra
b_rafha = c_rafha
b_aljumaymah = c_rafha
b_timiat = c_rafha
b_markuz = c_rafha
b_lawqah = c_rafha
b_duwayd = c_rafha
b_uwayqilah = c_rafha
b_ashshir = c_rafha
b_hail = c_hail
b_asshinan = c_hail
b_alghazalah = c_hail
b_baqa = c_hail
b_iqdah = c_hail
b_mawqaq = c_hail
b_murayfiq = c_hail
b_saban = c_hail
b_alhudaydah = c_hajr
b_assalif = c_hajr
b_almaqah = c_hajr
b_abha = c_hajr
b_khamismushait = c_hajr
b_bisha = c_hajr
b_baljurashi = c_hajr
b_jizan = c_hajr
b_afif = c_halaban
b_badaiidyan = c_halaban
b_alqaiyah = c_halaban
b_aljammaniyah = c_halaban
b_albijadiyah = c_halaban
b_almaklah = c_halaban
b_albaharah = c_halaban
b_arradum = c_halaban
b_avan = c_damman
b_najmah = c_damman
b_qatif = c_damman
b_damman = c_damman
b_jubail = c_damman
b_alaba = c_damman
b_alhinnah = c_damman
b_abuhadriya = c_damman
b_alhasa = c_al_hasa
b_holuf = c_al_hasa
b_foda = c_al_hasa
b_khobar = c_al_hasa
b_almubarraz = c_al_hasa
b_aloyoon = c_al_hasa
b_alomran = c_al_hasa
b_ghunan = c_al_hasa
b_abqaiq = c_al_hasa
b_muharraq = c_bahrein
b_manama = c_bahrein
b_umm_al_nasan = c_bahrein
b_sitra = c_bahrein
b_jidda = c_bahrein
b_ummalsabaan = c_bahrein
b_hamala = c_bahrein
b_aldur = c_bahrein
b_alexandria = c_alexandria
b_abukir = c_alexandria
b_damanhur = c_alexandria
b_hammam = c_alexandria
b_naucratis = c_alexandria
b_burgelarab = c_alexandria
b_marabout = c_alexandria
b_elkanoun = c_alexandria
b_elalamein = c_al_alamayn
b_mersamatruh = c_al_alamayn
b_sidibarrani = c_al_alamayn
b_fuka = c_al_alamayn
b_katabathmos = c_al_alamayn
b_ghazal = c_al_alamayn
b_paraitonion = c_al_alamayn
b_shammas = c_al_alamayn
b_siwa = c_quattara
b_quattara = c_quattara
b_caraoasis = c_quattara
b_qaretagnes = c_quattara
b_abdannabi = c_quattara
b_dayr = c_quattara
b_alamelshwawish = c_quattara
b_ziwaelbahari = c_quattara
b_gizeh = c_gizeh
b_aburowash = c_gizeh
b_dashur = c_gizeh
b_zawyetalayran = c_gizeh
b_abughorob = c_gizeh
b_abusir = c_gizeh
b_saqqara = c_gizeh
b_ellisht = c_gizeh
b_rosetta = c_gabiyaha
b_sais = c_gabiyaha
b_fuwa = c_gabiyaha
b_xois = c_gabiyaha
b_hermopolis = c_gabiyaha
b_buto = c_gabiyaha
b_disuq = c_gabiyaha
b_mutubis = c_gabiyaha
b_damietta = c_delta
b_burlus = c_delta
b_saramsah = c_delta
b_burah = c_delta
b_fareskur = c_delta
b_baramun = c_delta
b_tanis = c_delta
b_shirbin = c_delta
b_pelusia = c_pelusia
b_tinis = c_pelusia
b_alsalihiyah = c_pelusia
b_sile = c_pelusia
b_ismaillia = c_pelusia
b_said = c_pelusia
b_pithom = c_pelusia
b_serapeum = c_pelusia
b_manusura = c_manupura
b_almahallah = c_manupura
b_bilbays = c_manupura
b_zagazig = c_manupura
b_athribis = c_manupura
b_bubastis = c_manupura
b_qantir = c_manupura
b_busiris = c_manupura
b_cairo = c_cairo
b_fustat = c_cairo
b_memphis = c_cairo
b_helwan = c_cairo
b_heliopolis = c_cairo
b_maadi = c_cairo
b_tekkekyahudiyya = c_cairo
b_merimdabenisalama = c_cairo
b_sarqinya = c_sarqihya
b_clysma = c_sarqihya
b_atfih = c_sarqihya
b_taufiq = c_sarqihya
b_agruda = c_sarqihya
b_shallufa = c_sarqihya
b_alhaifar = c_sarqihya
b_suez = c_sarqihya
b_aswan = c_aswan
b_elefantina = c_aswan
b_shellal = c_aswan
b_bigeh = c_aswan
b_veset = c_aswan
b_philae = c_aswan
b_kalabsha = c_aswan
b_edfu = c_aswan
b_buhairya = c_buhairya
b_mut = c_buhairya
b_qasrfarfra = c_buhairya
b_elkharga = c_buhairya
b_baris = c_buhairya
b_budhkula = c_buhairya
b_abuminqar = c_buhairya
b_ismant = c_buhairya
b_quena = c_quena
b_kosseir = c_quena
b_qus = c_quena
b_abughusun = c_quena
b_safaga = c_quena
b_qift = c_quena
b_ummrus = c_quena
b_asyut = c_asyut
b_kusai = c_asyut
b_durunka = c_asyut
b_egypthebes = c_asyut
b_egypabydos = c_asyut
b_wannina = c_asyut
b_beitkhallaf = c_asyut
b_luxor = c_asyut
b_meir = c_asyut
b_farama = c_farama
b_sin = c_farama
b_seyan = c_farama
b_romani = c_farama
b_birqatia = c_farama
b_birelabd = c_farama
b_zaaraniq = c_farama
b_mustabiq = c_farama
b_attur = c_sinai
b_sharmelsheikh = c_sinai
b_mamlah = c_sinai
b_nuweiba = c_sinai
b_sinbarqa = c_sinai
b_dahab = c_sinai
b_jabalsamra = c_sinai
b_nabq = c_sinai
b_eilat = c_eilat
b_yahel = c_eilat
b_lotan = c_eilat
b_ketura = c_eilat
b_sapir = c_eilat
b_urim = c_eilat
b_tzofar = c_eilat
b_eliot = c_eilat
b_arish = c_el-arish
b_tukkot = c_el-arish
b_kharruba = c_el-arish
b_masyada = c_el-arish
b_birelhamma = c_el-arish
b_mitmatna = c_el-arish
b_abuaweigila = c_el-arish
b_zuwayid = c_el-arish
b_negev = c_negev
b_yeruham = c_negev
b_dimona = c_negev
b_avdat = c_negev
b_albaqar = c_negev
b_kmehin = c_negev
b_ezuz = c_negev
b_haluza = c_negev
b_monreal = c_monreal
b_hurmniz = c_monreal
b_sela = c_monreal
b_wadimusah = c_monreal
b_tafila = c_monreal
b_bildad = c_monreal
b_paran = c_monreal
b_idan = c_monreal
b_kirhaseset = c_kerak
b_kerak = c_kerak
b_tamar = c_kerak
b_zoar = c_kerak
b_zaimona = c_kerak
b_bozra = c_kerak
b_punon = c_kerak
b_krakdemoab = c_kerak
b_madaba = c_madaba
b_muwaqqar = c_madaba
b_qastal = c_madaba
b_bilal = c_madaba
b_umm_ar-rasas = c_madaba
b_sahab = c_madaba
b_wadi_al_sir = c_madaba
b_samhal = c_madaba
b_darum = c_darum
b_gaza = c_darum
b_rafah = c_darum
b_radwan = c_darum
b_salqah = c_darum
b_gerar = c_darum
b_jarara = c_darum
b_abasan = c_darum
b_jaffa = c_jaffa
b_arsuf = c_jaffa
b_lydda = c_jaffa
b_ibelin = c_jaffa
b_ramleh = c_jaffa
b_yazur = c_jaffa
b_qula = c_jaffa
b_beitdejan = c_jaffa
b_ascalon = c_ascalon
b_harbijah = c_ascalon
b_agelen = c_ascalon
b_laforbie = c_ascalon
b_blanchegarde = c_ascalon
b_bothme = c_ascalon
b_huidre = c_ascalon
b_semsem = c_ascalon
b_beersheb = c_beersheb
b_estemon = c_beersheb
b_massada = c_beersheb
b_debir = c_beersheb
b_gilat = c_beersheb
b_rahat = c_beersheb
b_ofakim = c_beersheb
b_abuzqayqa = c_beersheb
b_mirabel = c_jerusalem
b_jerusalem = c_jerusalem
b_nablus = c_jerusalem
b_rammala = c_jerusalem
b_beitnuba = c_jerusalem
b_montgisard = c_jerusalem
b_jericho = c_jerusalem
b_saintsamuel = c_jerusalem
b_acre = c_acre
b_haifa = c_acre
b_syrcaesarea = c_acre
b_merle = c_acre
b_adelon = c_acre
b_manawat = c_acre
b_recordana = c_acre
b_athlith = c_acre
b_hebron = c_hebron
b_bethlehem = c_hebron
b_deimachar = c_hebron
b_syrbelmont = c_hebron
b_alsamoa = c_hebron
b_saintcharlton = c_hebron
b_latrun = c_hebron
b_bethgibelin = c_hebron
b_tiberias = c_tiberias
b_nazareth = c_tiberias
b_mnttabor = c_tiberias
b_bethsan = c_tiberias
b_caymont = c_tiberias
b_hattin = c_tiberias
b_ashtera = c_tiberias
b_lafeve = c_tiberias
b_tyrus = c_tyrus
b_sarafand = c_tyrus
b_scandalon = c_tyrus
b_megedel = c_tyrus
b_syrmontfort = c_tyrus
b_casalimbert = c_tyrus
b_hunin = c_tyrus
b_syrbelfort = c_tyrus
b_beirut = c_beirut
b_sidon = c_beirut
b_journie = c_beirut
b_abualhasan = c_beirut
b_cavedetyron = c_beirut
b_mashgarah = c_beirut
b_sarepta = c_beirut
b_beitkfeya = c_beirut
b_safed = c_safed
b_banyas = c_safed
b_chastelet = c_safed
b_toron = c_safed
b_subeiba = c_safed
b_karmel = c_safed
b_qatsrin = c_safed
b_belvoir = c_safed
b_asas = c_asas
b_rakka = c_asas
b_kallinikos = c_asas
b_talabyad = c_asas
b_tabqa = c_asas
b_souriya = c_asas
b_resafa = c_asas
b_zaazouaa = c_asas
b_arak = c_palmyra
b_palmyra = c_palmyra
b_arraml = c_palmyra
b_alqasr = c_palmyra
b_jihar = c_palmyra
b_tiace = c_palmyra
b_alhuwaysis = c_palmyra
b_khirbat = c_palmyra
b_aleppo = c_aleppo
b_azaz = c_aleppo
b_mashala = c_aleppo
b_lerminet = c_aleppo
b_sarmin = c_aleppo
b_harim = c_aleppo
b_qusayr = c_aleppo
b_maaratannuman = c_aleppo
b_homs = c_homs
b_zweitina = c_homs
b_emesa = c_homs
b_alkhazandar = c_homs
b_qadesh = c_homs
b_sadad = c_homs
b_marmarita = c_homs
b_qatna = c_homs
b_hama = c_hama
b_hamath = c_hama
b_mhardeh = c_hama
b_qarqar = c_hama
b_bara = c_hama
b_salamiyah = c_hama
b_serjilla = c_hama
b_kharsan = c_hama
b_antiocheia = c_antiocheia
b_latakiah = c_antiocheia
b_stsymeon = c_antiocheia
b_darbsak = c_antiocheia
b_hazart = c_antiocheia
b_saone = c_antiocheia
b_harenc = c_antiocheia
b_baghras = c_antiocheia
b_archa = c_archa
b_shayzar = c_archa
b_famia = c_archa
b_chastelblanc = c_archa
b_kafroun = c_archa
b_treiz = c_archa
b_krakdeschevaliers = c_archa
b_masyaf = c_archa
b_alexandretta = c_alexandretta
b_rhosus = c_alexandretta
b_portbonnel = c_alexandretta
b_myriandros = c_alexandretta
b_portella = c_alexandretta
b_derbasak = c_alexandretta
b_sarvantikar = c_alexandretta
b_larochederissole = c_alexandretta
b_tortosa = c_tortosa
b_maraclea = c_tortosa
b_balemia = c_tortosa
b_jabala = c_tortosa
b_valania = c_tortosa
b_ruad = c_tortosa
b_alkhawabi = c_tortosa
b_margat = c_tortosa
b_syrtripoli = c_tripoli
b_gibelet = c_tripoli
b_boutron = c_tripoli
b_arqah = c_tripoli
b_besmedin = c_tripoli
b_alqulayat = c_tripoli
b_nephin = c_tripoli
b_alqadmus = c_tripoli
b_baalbek = c_baalbek
b_akkar = c_baalbek
b_halbah = c_baalbek
b_zahle = c_baalbek
b_laboue = c_baalbek
b_buissera = c_baalbek
b_riyaq = c_baalbek
b_chlifa = c_baalbek
b_qsarbardawil = c_damascus
b_damascus = c_damascus
b_daraa = c_damascus
b_shahba = c_damascus
b_suada = c_damascus
b_alsanamayn = c_damascus
b_izra = c_damascus
b_duma = c_damascus
b_aljun = c_irbid
b_irbid = c_irbid
b_pella = c_irbid
b_yarmouk = c_irbid
b_habisjaldak = c_irbid
b_aydoun = c_irbid
b_ummqais = c_irbid
b_gadera = c_irbid
b_mafraq = c_al_mafraq
b_thughra = c_al_mafraq
b_jarash = c_al_mafraq
b_nasib = c_al_mafraq
b_buwayda = c_al_mafraq
b_ramtah = c_al_mafraq
b_taebah = c_al_mafraq
b_elemtaih = c_al_mafraq
b_zarqa = c_az_zarqa
b_qasramra = c_az_zarqa
b_russeifa = c_az_zarqa
b_qasralhallabat = c_az_zarqa
b_shabib = c_az_zarqa
b_hashemiyya = c_az_zarqa
b_khurqah = c_az_zarqa
b_amratamad = c_az_zarqa
b_amman = c_amman
b_dhiban = c_amman
b_salt = c_amman
b_mahis = c_amman
b_fuheis = c_amman
b_deir_alla = c_amman
b_jerash = c_amman
b_al_balqa = c_amman
b_amrah = c_syria
b_otaybah = c_syria
b_adra = c_syria
b_jarba = c_syria
b_qasmiye = c_syria
b_hayjanah = c_syria
b_buraq = c_syria
b_baly = c_syria
b_salkhard = c_druz
b_dibin = c_druz
b_awas = c_druz
b_busra = c_druz
b_ghariyah = c_druz
b_shannireh = c_druz
b_samj = c_druz
b_thoula = c_druz
b_suwaida = c_suwaida
b_raha = c_suwaida
b_taraba = c_suwaida
b_nimreh = c_suwaida
b_salah = c_suwaida
b_busan = c_suwaida
b_tlilin = c_suwaida
b_qummoualad = c_suwaida
b_husaiba = c_tadmor
b_bukamal = c_tadmor
b_alqaim = c_tadmor
b_salhiyah = c_tadmor
b_assusah = c_tadmor
b_subaykhan = c_tadmor
b_asharah = c_tadmor
b_alqunjah = c_tadmor
b_bichri = c_al_bichri
b_deiralzur = c_al_bichri
b_osrhoene = c_al_bichri
b_abukamal = c_al_bichri
b_shamiyya = c_al_bichri
b_mayadin = c_al_bichri
b_sirhi = c_al_bichri
b_mhaymidah = c_al_bichri
b_marrakech = c_marrakech
b_sidirahhal = c_marrakech
b_ouarzazate = c_marrakech
b_elanakir = c_marrakech
b_demnat = c_marrakech
b_asni = c_marrakech
b_thineghir = c_marrakech
b_alnif = c_marrakech
b_tharasset = c_tharasset
b_tartaya = c_tharasset
b_tantan = c_tharasset
b_akhfennir = c_tharasset
b_chbika = c_tharasset
b_tidergit = c_tharasset
b_amot = c_tharasset
b_tiglit = c_tharasset
b_ifni = c_ifni
b_tiznit = c_ifni
b_ouaouteit = c_ifni
b_rgab = c_ifni
b_guelmim = c_ifni
b_belkassem = c_ifni
b_mihrleft = c_ifni
b_tizgui = c_ifni
b_agadir = c_anti-atlas
b_taroudaut = c_anti-atlas
b_tata = c_anti-atlas
b_biourga = c_anti-atlas
b_kasbaeljoua = c_anti-atlas
b_argana = c_anti-atlas
b_illrh = c_anti-atlas
b_alogoum = c_anti-atlas
b_essaouira = c_massat
b_akermoud = c_massat
b_safi = c_massat
b_haddraa = c_massat
b_aitelaouni = c_massat
b_qumelaioun = c_massat
b_aguedal = c_massat
b_agouidir = c_massat
b_grancanaria = c_canarias
b_tenerife = c_canarias
b_lagomera = c_canarias
b_lanzarote = c_canarias
b_fuerteventura = c_canarias
b_lagraciosa = c_canarias
b_alegranza = c_canarias
b_lapalma = c_canarias
b_infa = c_infa
b_rabat = c_infa
b_sale = c_infa
b_tiflet = c_infa
b_berrechid = c_infa
b_azemmour = c_infa
b_khouribga = c_infa
b_oulmes = c_infa
b_tangiers = c_tangiers
b_laraiche = c_tangiers
b_mulaybuselham = c_tangiers
b_alcazarquivir = c_tangiers
b_asilah = c_tangiers
b_ainbenamar = c_tangiers
b_barrha = c_tangiers
b_charkia = c_tangiers
b_cueta = c_cebta
b_tetouan = c_cebta
b_Xauen = c_cebta
b_aulef = c_cebta
b_babtaza = c_cebta
b_targuist = c_cebta
b_mdiq = c_cebta
b_martil = c_cebta
b_fes = c_fes
b_meknes = c_fes
b_zerhoun = c_fes
b_elhajeb = c_fes
b_sefrou = c_fes
b_missour = c_fes
b_enjil = c_fes
b_bouanane = c_fes
b_melilla = c_el_rif
b_alhoceima = c_el_rif
b_midar = c_el_rif
b_ketama = c_el_rif
b_nador = c_el_rif
b_driouch = c_el_rif
b_saka = c_el_rif
b_geurcif = c_el_rif
b_figuig = c_figuig
b_bouarfa = c_figuig
b_safsaf = c_figuig
b_benitajjit = c_figuig
b_ainechchair = c_figuig
b_ich = c_figuig
b_bechar = c_figuig
b_boudnib = c_figuig
b_sijilmasa = c_sijilmasa
b_merzouga = c_sijilmasa
b_tanamouste= c_sijilmasa
b_ertoud = c_sijilmasa
b_merzane = c_sijilmasa
b_hannabou = c_sijilmasa
b_tadaout = c_sijilmasa
b_tisserdmine = c_sijilmasa
b_tiaret = c_atlas_mnt
b_djelfa = c_atlas_mnt
b_bordj = c_atlas_mnt
b_elyourh = c_atlas_mnt
b_selmana = c_atlas_mnt
b_ainrich = c_atlas_mnt
b_ainzmila = c_atlas_mnt
b_hassibenmadjeb = c_atlas_mnt
b_medea = c_lemdiyya
b_relizane = c_lemdiyya
b_aindefla = c_lemdiyya
b_elrhenb = c_lemdiyya
b_aintorki = c_lemdiyya
b_blida = c_lemdiyya
b_elhachem = c_lemdiyya
b_sidimohammed = c_lemdiyya
b_algiers = c_al_djazair
b_tipasa = c_al_djazair
b_chiffa = c_al_djazair
b_sidiakacha = c_al_djazair
b_rhedadoua = c_al_djazair
b_elachour = c_al_djazair
b_elRdair = c_al_djazair
b_tirourda = c_al_djazair
b_mzab = c_mzab
b_noumerat = c_mzab
b_sebseb = c_mzab
b_elalia = c_mzab
b_ouargla = c_mzab
b_zelfana = c_mzab
b_bermane = c_mzab
b_elbour = c_mzab
b_tubirett = c_ouled_nail
b_msila = c_ouled_nail
b_sidiheg = c_ouled_nail
b_roumana = c_ouled_nail
b_ainzia = c_ouled_nail
b_sidinhar = c_ouled_nail
b_beneldir = c_ouled_nail
b_bordjelcaid = c_ouled_nail
b_biskra = c_biskra
b_batna = c_biskra
b_khenchela = c_biskra
b_sidiokba = c_biskra
b_nebka = c_biskra
b_bigou = c_biskra
b_branis = c_biskra
b_mekhadma = c_biskra
b_tlemcen = c_tlemcen
b_sidibelabbes = c_tlemcen
b_muaskar = c_tlemcen
b_bedrabine = c_tlemcen
b_tessala = c_tlemcen
b_letelagh = c_tlemcen
b_dhaya = c_tlemcen
b_elhaicaiba = c_tlemcen
b_oran = c_orania
b_mostaganem = c_orania
b_aintemouchent = c_orania
b_maghnia = c_orania
b_benisaf = c_orania
b_ainelberd = c_orania
b_merselhadjad = c_orania
b_gdyel = c_orania
b_hanyan = c_hanyan
b_naama = c_hanyan
b_saida = c_hanyan
b_alkasdir = c_hanyan
b_alancha = c_hanyan
b_magoura = c_hanyan
b_raselma = c_hanyan
b_bougtob = c_hanyan
b_oujda = c_snassen
b_jerada = c_snassen
b_saldia = c_snassen
b_ainbenimathar = c_snassen
b_debdou = c_snassen
b_tendrara = c_snassen
b_berkane = c_snassen
b_ahfir = c_snassen
b_tunis = c_tunis
b_ariana = c_tunis
b_sousse = c_tunis
b_cartaghe = c_tunis
b_zaghouan = c_tunis
b_benarous = c_tunis
b_kelibia = c_tunis
b_hammamet = c_tunis
b_medjerda = c_medjerda
b_lekef = c_medjerda
b_siliana = c_medjerda
b_kasserine = c_medjerda
b_qaafur = c_medjerda
b_sidimubarak = c_medjerda
b_dougga = c_medjerda
b_elkrib = c_medjerda
b_bizerte = c_bizerte
b_tunbeja = c_bizerte
b_jendouba = c_bizerte
b_ghezala = c_bizerte
b_manziljamal = c_bizerte
b_almatin = c_bizerte
b_tamra = c_bizerte
b_netza = c_bizerte
b_kairouan = c_kairwan
b_gafsa = c_kairwan
b_tozeur = c_kairwan
b_sidibouzid = c_kairwan
b_haffouz = c_kairwan
b_chebika = c_kairwan
b_meknassy = c_kairwan
b_sidimansour = c_kairwan
b_mahdia = c_mahdia
b_monastir = c_mahdia
b_sfax = c_mahdia
b_msaken = c_mahdia
b_agareb = c_mahdia
b_neffatia = c_mahdia
b_lalaouza = c_mahdia
b_lacroix = c_mahdia
b_gabes = c_gabes
b_kebili = c_gabes
b_medenine = c_gabes
b_tataouine = c_gabes
b_aljanain = c_gabes
b_haddej = c_gabes
b_steftimi = c_gabes
b_alqalah = c_gabes
b_libtripoli = c_tripolitana
b_sabratah = c_tripolitana
b_nalut = c_tripolitana
b_baniwaled = c_tripolitana
b_gherlan = c_tripolitana
b_funduq = c_tripolitana
b_aljamil = c_tripolitana
b_mazuzah = c_tripolitana
b_houmtsouk = c_djerba
b_midoun = c_djerba
b_ajim = c_djerba
b_aghir = c_djerba
b_abarda = c_djerba
b_elmey = c_djerba
b_cedriane = c_djerba
b_taguermess = c_djerba
b_leptismagna = c_leptis_magna
b_misratah = c_leptis_magna
b_alhasun = c_leptis_magna
b_abunujaym = c_leptis_magna
b_qirdah = c_leptis_magna
b_alghiran = c_leptis_magna
b_naimah = c_leptis_magna
b_gioda = c_leptis_magna
b_syrte = c_syrte
b_abuhadi = c_syrte
b_assultan = c_syrte
b_assidr = c_syrte
b_lanuf = c_syrte
b_bishr = c_syrte
b_qaryatbishr = c_syrte
b_nawfalliyah = c_syrte
b_cyrene = c_cyrenaica
b_marsasusah = c_cyrenaica
b_derna = c_cyrenaica
b_altamimi = c_cyrenaica
b_alqubbah = c_cyrenaica
b_athrun = c_cyrenaica
b_mukhayta = c_cyrenaica
b_khadra = c_cyrenaica
b_kufra = c_senoussi
b_jalu = c_senoussi
b_jakharrah = c_senoussi
b_gabr = c_senoussi
b_attallab = c_senoussi
b_attaj = c_senoussi
b_buzayman = c_senoussi
b_tazirbu = c_senoussi
b_benghazi = c_benghazi
b_barca = c_benghazi
b_oriana = c_benghazi
b_tulmaytath = c_benghazi
b_ajdabiya = c_benghazi
b_daryanah = c_benghazi
b_tansulukh = c_benghazi
b_jardinah = c_benghazi
b_tobruk = c_tobruk
b_bardia = c_tobruk
b_sollum = c_tobruk
b_alqardabah = c_tobruk
b_acroma = c_tobruk
b_kambut = c_tobruk
b_zanzur = c_tobruk
b_rukbah = c_tobruk
b_bourmedes = c_beni_yanni
b_tafoughalt = c_beni_yanni
b_tigzirt = c_beni_yanni
b_bujima = c_beni_yanni
b_azeffoun = c_beni_yanni
b_azazga = c_beni_yanni
b_taoudouch = c_beni_yanni
b_thiza = c_beni_yanni
b_tiziouzou = c_tell_atlas
b_zaoula = c_tell_atlas
b_akaoudj = c_tell_atlas
b_mirabeau = c_tell_atlas
b_nacina = c_tell_atlas
b_draaelmizan = c_tell_atlas
b_tagoughalt = c_tell_atlas
b_mechreck = c_tell_atlas
b_constantine = c_constantine
b_guelma = c_constantine
b_tebessa = c_constantine
b_elkhroub = c_constantine
b_tadjenanet = c_constantine
b_oumelbouaghi = c_constantine
b_mechtakebira = c_constantine
b_guerrah = c_constantine
b_bejaija = c_bejaija
b_setif = c_bejaija
b_mila = c_bejaija
b_elbekara = c_bejaija
b_jijel = c_bejaija
b_boudaoud = c_bejaija
b_gantas = c_bejaija
b_eldjabia = c_bejaija
b_annabah = c_annaba
b_eltarf = c_annaba
b_soukahras = c_annaba
b_skikda = c_annaba
b_elbouni = c_annaba
b_boudjama = c_annaba
b_drean = c_annaba
b_meroudj = c_annaba
b_mosylon = c_busaso
b_bandaraassim = c_busaso
b_lasanod = c_busaso
b_garoowe = c_busaso
b_qardho = c_busaso
b_erigavo = c_busaso
b_hadaftimo = c_busaso
b_buraan = c_busaso
b_berbera = c_berbera
b_maydh = c_berbera
b_gabiley = c_berbera
b_burco = c_berbera
b_mandera = c_berbera
b_daarbuduq = c_berbera
b_shiikh = c_berbera
b_zeila = c_zeila
b_hargeysa = c_zeila
b_borama = c_zeila
b_amud = c_zeila
b_jijiga = c_zeila
b_dilla = c_zeila
b_lughaya = c_zeila
b_adwa = c_aksum
b_aksum = c_aksum
b_mekele = c_aksum
b_rama2 = c_aksum
b_adigrat = c_aksum
b_hawzen = c_aksum
b_yeha = c_aksum
b_massawa = c_massawa
b_cheren = c_massawa
b_dahano = c_massawa
b_matara = c_massawa
b_qohaito = c_massawa
b_adulis = c_massawa
b_sembel = c_massawa
b_akordat = c_akordat
b_teseney = c_akordat
b_antalla = c_akordat
b_barentu = c_akordat
b_dghe = c_akordat
b_mogolo = c_akordat
b_shambuko = c_akordat
b_tigrinya = c_tigrinya
b_adi_ramets = c_tigrinya
b_amba_maderiya = c_tigrinya
b_bilamba = c_tigrinya
b_golonco = c_tigrinya
b_zagamat = c_tigrinya
b_adenna = c_tigrinya
b_dabat = c_semien
b_debark = c_semien
b_ciarveta = c_semien
b_oivela_mariam = c_semien
b_belesa = c_semien
b_amja_lebes = c_semien
b_ambaras = c_semien
b_assab = c_assab
b_debaysima = c_assab
b_rehayto = c_assab
b_manda = c_assab
b_agurto = c_assab
b_mergebla = c_assab
b_gehare = c_assab
b_asayita = c_asayita
b_afambo = c_asayita
b_serdo = c_asayita
b_dedai = c_asayita
b_lofefle = c_asayita
b_tendaho = c_asayita
b_jewaha = c_asayita
b_dakkar = c_harer
b_harar = c_harer
b_alemaya = c_harer
b_diridawa = c_harer
b_kurfachele = c_harer
b_kombolcha = c_harer
b_babile = c_harer
b_tadjoura = c_tadjoura
b_berenice = c_tadjoura
b_obock = c_tadjoura
b_galafi = c_tadjoura
b_dikhil = c_tadjoura
b_djibouti = c_tadjoura
b_holhol = c_tadjoura
b_randa = c_tadjoura
b_fasilghebbi = c_gondar
b_gondar = c_gondar
b_roha = c_gondar
b_ambassel = c_gondar
b_bahirdar = c_gondar
b_magdala = c_gondar
b_tanaqirqos = c_gondar
b_dembiya = c_gondar
b_gereger = c_begemder
b_filakit = c_begemder
b_chekerefta = c_begemder
b_danya = c_begemder
b_bete_yohanis = c_begemder
b_awariya = c_begemder
b_maryamu = c_begemder
b_sekota = c_wag
b_zumbo = c_wag
b_sacca = c_wag
b_tsaicha = c_wag
b_lashwa = c_wag
b_indeher_giba = c_wag
b_liktaba = c_wag
b_dessye = c_lakomelza
b_kembolcha = c_lakomelza
b_ziya = c_lakomelza
b_habru = c_lakomelza
b_tigaja = c_lakomelza
b_cherkwa = c_lakomelza
b_metene = c_lakomelza
b_gojjam = c_gojjam
b_mankorar = c_gojjam
b_eliyas = c_gojjam
b_yejube = c_gojjam
b_godana_mikael = c_gojjam
b_yegeleka = c_gojjam
b_baremma = c_gojjam
b_ginbo = c_matamma
b_bonga = c_matamma
b_gishabay = c_matamma
b_wacha = c_matamma
b_chiri = c_matamma
b_kaffa = c_matamma
b_yadeta = c_matamma
b_garo = c_matamma
b_malbarde = c_damot
b_muger = c_damot
b_yirga_chefe = c_damot
b_fasha = c_damot
b_awasa = c_damot
b_zima = c_damot
b_teltele = c_damot
b_asosa = c_asosa
b_bambasi = c_asosa
b_genetemariam = c_asosa
b_debrezeyit = c_asosa
b_mankush = c_asosa
b_dibate = c_asosa
b_ketema = c_asosa
b_kormuk = c_asosa
b_ankober = c_ankober
b_doqaqit = c_ankober
b_qundi = c_ankober
b_saqqa = c_ankober
b_aliyuamba = c_ankober
b_berehet = c_ankober
b_keyagebriel = c_ankober
b_tegulet = c_ankober
b_entoto = c_antalo
b_hayq = c_antalo
b_shewa = c_antalo
b_antsokia = c_antalo
b_debreberhan = c_antalo
b_bale = c_antalo
b_debrelibanos = c_antalo
b_oromos = c_antalo
b_dotawo = c_dotawo
b_jebeladda = c_dotawo
b_faras = c_dotawo
b_qasribrim = c_dotawo
b_ballana = c_dotawo
b_buhen = c_dotawo
b_premnis = c_dotawo
b_semna = c_nobatia
b_wawa = c_nobatia
b_nubia = c_nobatia
b_delgo = c_nobatia
b_soleb = c_nobatia
b_abri = c_nobatia
b_akasha = c_nobatia
b_anag = c_nubia
b_eirayab = c_nubia
b_salala = c_nubia
b_nafab = c_nubia
b_komotit = c_nubia
b_tahtani = c_nubia
b_fanoidig = c_nubia
b_aydhab = c_aydhab
b_halayeb = c_aydhab
b_troglodytica = c_aydhab
b_marsaalam = c_aydhab
b_elba = c_aydhab
b_shalateen = c_aydhab
b_zabargad = c_aydhab
b_dongola = c_makuria
b_kawa = c_makuria
b_affat = c_makuria
b_qubban = c_makuria
b_gabriya = c_makuria
b_kerma = c_makuria
b_kerat = c_makuria
b_napata = c_napata
b_marawi = c_napata
b_ghazali = c_napata
b_kanisah = c_napata
b_korti = c_napata
b_keheilli = c_napata
b_karima = c_napata
b_atbara = c_atbara
b_meruwah = c_atbara
b_begarawiyah = c_atbara
b_hajaralasla = c_atbara
b_ummmardi = c_atbara
b_abudis = c_atbara
b_shendi = c_atbara
b_alwa = c_alodia
b_soba = c_alodia
b_omdurman = c_alodia
b_barah = c_alodia
b_omjerky = c_alodia
b_malaka = c_alodia
b_wawissi = c_alodia
b_sennar = c_sennar
b_tabat = c_sennar
b_sinjah = c_sennar
b_bakkah = c_sennar
b_kukur = c_sennar
b_galgani = c_sennar
b_wadrawah = c_sennar
b_kinanah = c_sennar
b_kosti = c_kosti
b_abbeit = c_kosti
b_tandalti = c_kosti
b_umm_ruwaba = c_kosti
b_dalang = c_kosti
b_kaduqli = c_kosti
b_lagawa = c_kosti
b_sawakin = c_suakin
b_tisiamti = c_suakin
b_salum = c_suakin
b_taiwi = c_suakin
b_derkin = c_suakin
b_dubarua = c_suakin
b_komelshokafa = c_suakin
b_trinkitat = c_trinkitat
b_derri = c_trinkitat
b_tokar = c_trinkitat
b_farata = c_trinkitat
b_teb = c_trinkitat
b_kwababa = c_trinkitat
b_mukden = c_trinkitat
b_hayya = c_hayya
b_musmer = c_hayya
b_sinkat = c_hayya
b_kataigarsa = c_hayya
b_aliab = c_hayya
b_gebeit = c_hayya
b_taris = c_hayya
b_kassala = c_kassala
b_doka = c_kassala
b_dinder = c_kassala
b_aroma = c_kassala
b_kagnarti = c_kassala
b_tebteb = c_kassala
b_gherset = c_kassala
b_morpeth = c_northumberland
b_bamburgh = c_northumberland
b_hexham = c_northumberland
b_newcastle = c_northumberland
b_alnwick = c_northumberland
b_norham = c_northumberland
b_lindisfarne = c_northumberland
b_mitford = c_northumberland
b_gateshead = c_durham
b_durham = c_durham
b_chester-le-street = c_durham
b_jarrow = c_durham
b_hartlepool = c_durham
b_auckland = c_durham
b_raby = c_durham
b_st_cuthbert = c_durham
b_carlisle = c_cumberland
b_burgh = c_cumberland
b_gilsland = c_cumberland
b_penrith = c_cumberland
b_egremont = c_cumberland
b_papcastlet = c_cumberland
b_cockermouth = c_cumberland
b_dacre = c_cumberland
b_salford = c_lancaster
b_lancaster = c_lancaster
b_bolton = c_lancaster
b_preston = c_lancaster
b_sawley = c_lancaster
b_gisburn = c_lancaster
b_furness = c_lancaster
b_clitheroe = c_lancaster
b_appleby = c_westmorland
b_kendal = c_westmorland
b_lowther = c_westmorland
b_cartmel = c_westmorland
b_kirkby = c_westmorland
b_brough = c_westmorland
b_shap = c_westmorland
b_brougham = c_westmorland
b_chester = c_chester
b_halton = c_chester
b_malpas = c_chester
b_northwich = c_chester
b_macclesfield = c_chester
b_beeston = c_chester
b_sandbach = c_chester
b_nantwich = c_chester
b_derby = c_derby
b_bakewell = c_derby
b_repton = c_derby
b_bolsover = c_derby
b_castleton = c_derby
b_chesterfield = c_derby
b_burton = c_derby
b_wirksworth = c_derby
b_york = c_york
b_richmond = c_york
b_st_peters = c_york
b_scarborough = c_york
b_skipton = c_york
b_pontefract = c_york
b_hull = c_york
b_conisbrough = c_york
b_gainsborough = c_lincoln
b_lincoln = c_lincoln
b_boston = c_lincoln
b_spalding = c_lincoln
b_stamford = c_lincoln
b_grantham = c_lincoln
b_louth = c_lincoln
b_bardney = c_lincoln
b_norwich = c_norfolk
b_thetford = c_norfolk
b_buckenham = c_norfolk
b_lynn = c_norfolk
b_yarmouth = c_norfolk
b_elmham = c_norfolk
b_castle_rising = c_norfolk
b_chatteris = c_norfolk
b_ipswich = c_suffolk
b_ely = c_suffolk
b_bury = c_suffolk
b_lowestoft = c_suffolk
b_dunwich = c_suffolk
b_stow = c_suffolk
b_bungay = c_suffolk
b_framlingham = c_suffolk
b_bedford = c_bedford
b_hertford = c_bedford
b_st_albans = c_bedford
b_berkhamsted = c_bedford
b_luton = c_bedford
b_dunstable = c_bedford
b_watford = c_bedford
b_ashridge = c_bedford
b_westminster = c_middlesex
b_london = c_middlesex
b_st_pauls = c_middlesex
b_tottenham = c_middlesex
b_fulham = c_middlesex
b_staines = c_middlesex
b_harrow = c_middlesex
b_chelsea = c_middlesex
b_maldon = c_essex
b_havering = c_essex
b_dunmow = c_essex
b_colchester = c_essex
b_waltham = c_essex
b_barking = c_essex
b_pleshey = c_essex
b_hedingham = c_essex
b_peterborough = c_northampton
b_huntingdon = c_northampton
b_ramsey = c_northampton
b_northampton = c_northampton
b_kettering = c_northampton
b_cambridge = c_northampton
b_crowland = c_northampton
b_rockingham = c_northampton
b_leicester = c_leicester
b_nottingham = c_leicester
b_southwell = c_leicester
b_newark = c_leicester
b_hucknall = c_leicester
b_tickhill = c_leicester
b_worksop = c_leicester
b_newstead = c_leicester
b_coventry = c_warwick
b_warwick = c_warwick
b_lichfield = c_warwick
b_stafford = c_warwick
b_tamworth = c_warwick
b_kenilworth = c_warwick
b_tutbury = c_warwick
b_dudley = c_warwick
b_worcester = c_worcester
b_evesham = c_worcester
b_droitwich = c_worcester
b_kidderminster = c_worcester
b_pershore = c_worcester
b_malvern = c_worcester
b_bromsgrove = c_worcester
b_laughern = c_worcester
b_gloucester = c_gloucester
b_sudeley = c_gloucester
b_tewkesbury = c_gloucester
b_cheltenham = c_gloucester
b_cirencester = c_gloucester
b_winchcombe = c_gloucester
b_bristol = c_gloucester
b_hailes = c_gloucester
b_wilton = c_wiltshire
b_sarum = c_wiltshire
b_clarendon = c_wiltshire
b_malmesbury = c_wiltshire
b_salisbury = c_wiltshire
b_devizes = c_wiltshire
b_ramsbury = c_wiltshire
b_marlborough = c_wiltshire
b_oxford = c_oxford
b_wallingford = c_oxford
b_abingdon = c_oxford
b_buckingham = c_oxford
b_banbury = c_oxford
b_reading = c_oxford
b_aylesbury = c_oxford
b_eynsham = c_oxford
b_farnham = c_surrey
b_guildford = c_surrey
b_lambeth = c_surrey
b_southwark = c_surrey
b_woking = c_surrey
b_chertsey = c_surrey
b_croydon = c_surrey
b_waverley = c_surrey
b_rochester = c_kent
b_dover = c_kent
b_canterbury = c_kent
b_faversham = c_kent
b_sandwich = c_kent
b_lympne = c_kent
b_romney = c_kent
b_tonbridge = c_kent
b_hastings = c_sussex
b_pevensey = c_sussex
b_chichester = c_sussex
b_lewes = c_sussex
b_arundel = c_sussex
b_rye = c_sussex
b_bramber = c_sussex
b_bodiam = c_sussex
b_southampton = c_winchester
b_portchester = c_winchester
b_winchester = c_winchester
b_carisbrooke = c_winchester
b_romsey = c_winchester
b_andover = c_winchester
b_st_swithun = c_winchester
b_wherwell = c_winchester
b_wareham = c_dorset
b_corfe = c_dorset
b_shaftesbury = c_dorset
b_dorchester = c_dorset
b_sherborne = c_dorset
b_lyme = c_dorset
b_weymouth = c_dorset
b_wimborne = c_dorset
b_bath = c_somerset
b_wells = c_somerset
b_ilchester = c_somerset
b_taunton = c_somerset
b_muchelney = c_somerset
b_castle_cary = c_somerset
b_glastonbury = c_somerset
b_cleeve = c_somerset
b_caernarfon = c_gwynedd
b_degannwy = c_gwynedd
b_bangor_fawr = c_gwynedd
b_aberffraw = c_gwynedd
b_harlech = c_gwynedd
b_cardigan = c_gwynedd
b_conwy = c_gwynedd
b_llanbadarn = c_gwynedd
b_denbigh = c_perfeddwlad
b_rhuddlan = c_perfeddwlad
b_llanelwy = c_perfeddwlad
b_flint = c_perfeddwlad
b_ruthin = c_perfeddwlad
b_basingwerk = c_perfeddwlad
b_ewloe = c_perfeddwlad
b_hawarden = c_perfeddwlad
b_caersws = c_powys
b_mathrafal = c_powys
b_llangollen = c_powys
b_llandinam = c_powys
b_glascwm = c_powys
b_radnor = c_powys
b_montgomery = c_powys
b_rhayader = c_powys
b_shrewsbury = c_shrewsbury
b_clun = c_shrewsbury
b_wenlock = c_shrewsbury
b_ludlow = c_shrewsbury
b_whitchurch = c_shrewsbury
b_bridgnorth = c_shrewsbury
b_oswestry = c_shrewsbury
b_chirk = c_shrewsbury
b_st_ethelberts = c_hereford
b_hereford = c_hereford
b_leominster = c_hereford
b_archenfield = c_hereford
b_ewyas_harold = c_hereford
b_ledbury = c_hereford
b_clifford = c_hereford
b_brobury = c_hereford
b_carmarthen = c_dyfed
b_dinefwr = c_dyfed
b_st_davids = c_dyfed
b_kidwelly = c_dyfed
b_llandeilo = c_dyfed
b_pembroke = c_dyfed
b_narberth = c_dyfed
b_haverford = c_dyfed
b_cardiff = c_glamorgan
b_neath = c_glamorgan
b_llandaff = c_glamorgan
b_caerphilly = c_glamorgan
b_swansea = c_glamorgan
b_loughor = c_glamorgan
b_margam = c_glamorgan
b_ogmore = c_glamorgan
b_caerwent = c_gwent
b_chepstow = c_gwent
b_abergavenny = c_gwent
b_monmouth = c_gwent
b_caerleon = c_gwent
b_newport = c_gwent
b_brecon = c_gwent
b_tintern = c_gwent
b_bodmin = c_cornwall
b_launceston = c_cornwall
b_st_germans = c_cornwall
b_truro = c_cornwall
b_liskeard = c_cornwall
b_tintagel = c_cornwall
b_st_michael = c_cornwall
b_restormel = c_cornwall
b_lydford = c_devon
b_exeter = c_devon
b_crediton = c_devon
b_totnes = c_devon
b_axminster = c_devon
b_tavistock = c_devon
b_buckfast = c_devon
b_dartmouth = c_devon
b_peel = c_isle_of_man
b_rushen = c_isle_of_man
b_maughold = c_isle_of_man
b_douglas = c_isle_of_man
b_kirk_michael = c_isle_of_man
b_sulby = c_isle_of_man
b_inis_patraic = c_isle_of_man
b_laxey = c_isle_of_man
b_dumfries = c_galloway
b_dunragit = c_galloway
b_whithorn = c_galloway
b_dunrod = c_galloway
b_kirkcudbright = c_galloway
b_glenluce = c_galloway
b_wigtown = c_galloway
b_threave = c_galloway
b_turnberry = c_carrick
b_dunure = c_carrick
b_maybole = c_carrick
b_crossraguel = c_carrick
b_loch_doon = c_carrick
b_ballantrae = c_carrick
b_culzean = c_carrick
b_renfrew = c_clydesdale
b_st_kentigern = c_clydesdale
b_glasgow = c_clydesdale
b_lanark = c_clydesdale
b_cadzow = c_clydesdale
b_bothwell = c_clydesdale
b_lesmahagow = c_clydesdale
b_dumbarton = c_clydesdale
b_snizort = c_innse_gall
b_finlaggan = c_innse_gall
b_iona = c_innse_gall
b_stornoway = c_innse_gall
b_laggan = c_innse_gall
b_uig = c_innse_gall
b_dunvegan = c_innse_gall
b_dunyveg = c_innse_gall
b_st_moluag = c_argyll
b_dunollie = c_argyll
b_loch_awe = c_argyll
b_sween = c_argyll
b_dunstaffnage = c_argyll
b_ardchattan = c_argyll
b_kilmun = c_argyll
b_inverary = c_argyll
b_argh = c_argyll
b_edinburgh = c_lothian
b_stirling = c_lothian
b_abercorn = c_lothian
b_linlithgow = c_lothian
b_falkirk = c_lothian
b_stow_of_wedale = c_lothian
b_leith = c_lothian
b_torphichen = c_lothian
b_dunbar = c_dunbar
b_berwick = c_dunbar
b_thirlestane = c_dunbar
b_tyninghame = c_dunbar
b_gordon = c_dunbar
b_huntly = c_dunbar
b_coldingham = c_dunbar
b_crichton = c_dunbar
b_jedburgh = c_teviotdale
b_roxburgh = c_teviotdale
b_peebles = c_teviotdale
b_melrose = c_teviotdale
b_kelso = c_teviotdale
b_selkirk = c_teviotdale
b_maxwell = c_teviotdale
b_ednam = c_teviotdale
b_scone = c_gowrie
b_dunkeld = c_gowrie
b_perth = c_gowrie
b_forteviot = c_gowrie
b_dundee = c_gowrie
b_abernethy = c_gowrie
b_clunie = c_gowrie
b_errol = c_gowrie
b_dunfermline = c_fife
b_cupar = c_fife
b_st_andrews = c_fife
b_kirkcaldy = c_fife
b_kinross = c_fife
b_leuchars = c_fife
b_lochore = c_fife
b_falkland = c_fife
b_crieff = c_strathearn
b_dunblane = c_strathearn
b_tullibardine = c_strathearn
b_auchterarder = c_strathearn
b_madderty = c_strathearn
b_doune = c_strathearn
b_inchaffray = c_strathearn
b_kenmore = c_strathearn
b_blair_atholl = c_atholl
b_glen_dochart = c_atholl
b_pitlochry = c_atholl
b_fortingall = c_atholl
b_grandtully = c_atholl
b_rannoch = c_atholl
b_strathardle = c_atholl
b_struan = c_atholl
b_anthrachs = c_atholl
b_forres = c_moray
b_cawdor = c_moray
b_elgin = c_moray
b_nairn = c_moray
b_inverness = c_moray
b_lochindorb = c_moray
b_kinloss = c_moray
b_urquhart = c_moray
b_applecross = c_ross
b_dingwall = c_ross
b_rosemarkie = c_ross
b_fortrose = c_ross
b_fearn = c_ross
b_tain = c_ross
b_cromarty = c_ross
b_avoch = c_ross
b_aberdeen = c_buchan
b_banff = c_buchan
b_deer = c_buchan
b_kintore = c_buchan
b_inverurie = c_buchan
b_fyvie = c_buchan
b_ellon = c_buchan
b_st_machar = c_buchan
b_wick = c_caithness
b_dunbeath = c_caithness
b_dornoch = c_caithness
b_thurso = c_caithness
b_dunrobin = c_caithness
b_freswick = c_caithness
b_latheron = c_caithness
b_golspie = c_caithness
b_downpatrick = c_ulster
b_dunseverick = c_ulster
b_bangor = c_ulster
b_carrickfergus = c_ulster
b_connor = c_ulster
b_dromore = c_ulster
b_larne = c_ulster
b_dunluce = c_ulster
b_clones = c_oriel
b_armagh = c_oriel
b_dundalk = c_oriel
b_clogher = c_oriel
b_drogheda = c_oriel
b_monaghan = c_oriel
b_olouth = c_oriel
b_ardee = c_oriel
b_coleraine = c_tyrone
b_dungannon = c_tyrone
b_aileach = c_tyrone
b_maghera = c_tyrone
b_derry = c_tyrone
b_omagh = c_tyrone
b_tullyhogue = c_tyrone
b_dungiven = c_tyrone
b_gartan = c_tyrconnell
b_moville = c_tyrconnell
b_raphoe = c_tyrconnell
b_fahan = c_tyrconnell
b_donegal = c_tyrconnell
b_ballyshannon = c_tyrconnell
b_kilmacrenan = c_tyrconnell
b_ballymacswiney = c_tyrconnell
b_dromahair = c_breifne
b_kilmore = c_breifne
b_cavan = c_breifne
b_longford = c_breifne
b_ardagh = c_breifne
b_leitrim = c_breifne
b_drumcliffe = c_breifne
b_kells = c_breifne
b_galway = c_connacht
b_elphin = c_connacht
b_tuam = c_connacht
b_clonfert = c_connacht
b_roscommon = c_connacht
b_mayo = c_connacht
b_killala = c_connacht
b_anchory = c_connacht
b_knockaulin = c_kildare
b_athlone = c_kildare
b_kildare = c_kildare
b_maynooth = c_kildare
b_st_brigit = c_kildare
b_rathangan = c_kildare
b_durrow = c_kildare
b_clonard = c_kildare
b_dublin = c_dublin
b_clondalkin = c_dublin
b_finglas = c_dublin
b_wicklow = c_dublin
b_ath_cliath = c_dublin
b_christ_church = c_dublin
b_mellifont = c_dublin
b_trim = c_dublin
b_wexford = c_leinster
b_leighlin = c_leinster
b_arklow = c_leinster
b_carlow = c_leinster
b_ferns = c_leinster
b_glendalough = c_leinster
b_naas = c_leinster
b_enniscorthy = c_leinster
b_kilkenny = c_ossory
b_gowran = c_ossory
b_clonmacnoise = c_ossory
b_aghaboe = c_ossory
b_jerpoint = c_ossory
b_callan = c_ossory
b_grennan = c_ossory
b_grannagh = c_ossory
b_limerick = c_thomond
b_bunratty = c_thomond
b_killaloe = c_thomond
b_emly = c_thomond
b_ennis = c_thomond
b_kilfenora = c_thomond
b_askeaton = c_thomond
b_adare = c_thomond
b_waterford = c_ormond
b_cahir = c_ormond
b_cashel = c_ormond
b_clonmel = c_ormond
b_lismore = c_ormond
b_roscrea = c_ormond
b_nenagh = c_ormond
b_fethard = c_ormond
b_cork = c_desmond
b_dunasead = c_desmond
b_ross = c_desmond
b_youghal = c_desmond
b_ardfert = c_desmond
b_cloyne = c_desmond
b_fermoy = c_desmond
b_blarney = c_desmond
b_timbuktu = c_timbuktu
b_alafia = c_timbuktu
b_salam = c_timbuktu
b_lafia = c_timbuktu
b_ber = c_timbuktu
b_boureminaly = c_timbuktu
b_toya = c_timbuktu
b_aglal = c_timbuktu
b_oualata = c_oualata
b_tiguiguil = c_oualata
b_neiguiat = c_oualata
b_konou = c_oualata
b_birnsara = c_oualata
b_tizert = c_oualata
b_tarhalet = c_oualata
b_fassekra = c_oualata
b_araouane = c_araouane
b_tessalit = c_araouane
b_aguelhok = c_araouane
b_abalessa = c_araouane
b_tinzaouten = c_araouane
b_guezzam = c_araouane
b_tamanrasset = c_araouane
b_tazrouk = c_araouane
b_taghaza = c_taghaza
b_kerzaz = c_taghaza
b_metarta = c_taghaza
b_reggane = c_taghaza
b_adrar = c_taghaza
b_aougrout = c_taghaza
b_charouine = c_taghaza
b_alouarta = c_taghaza
b_el_ghaba = c_ghana
b_koumbi_saleh = c_ghana
b_silla = c_ghana
b_singhanah = c_ghana
b_samakanda = c_ghana
b_ras_elma = c_ghana
b_tirka = c_ghana
b_kughah = c_ghana
b_aoudaghost = c_aoudaghost
b_tichitt  = c_aoudaghost
b_moudjeria  = c_aoudaghost
b_ksarelbarka = c_aoudaghost
b_ouadane = c_ouadane
b_wadan = c_ouadane
b_azuggi = c_ouadane
b_ksaralkiali = c_ouadane
b_idjil = c_idjil
b_zouerat = c_idjil
b_tazadit = c_idjil
b_rouessa = c_idjil
b_fderick = c_idjil
b_boure = c_mali
b_niani = c_mali
b_bamako = c_mali
b_safo = c_mali
b_baguineda = c_mali
b_dialakoro = c_mali
b_bougouni = c_mali
b_soussa = c_mali
b_bambuk = c_bambuk
b_kiffa = c_bambuk
b_kankossa = c_bambuk
b_boumdeid = c_bambuk
b_guerou = c_bambuk
b_aftout = c_bambuk
b_djenne = c_djenne
b_macina = c_djenne
b_fakala = c_djenne
b_kewa = c_djenne
b_ouroali = c_djenne
b_pondori = c_djenne
b_femaye = c_djenne
b_derary = c_djenne
b_gurma = c_gurma
b_zorgho = c_gurma
b_hounde = c_gurma
b_gao = c_gao
b_sarnah = c_gao
b_gaosaney = c_gao
b_bourem = c_gao
b_ansongo = c_gao
b_menaka = c_gao
b_gabero = c_gao
b_anchawadi = c_gao
b_tadmekka = c_tadmekka
b_agades = c_tadmekka
b_takedda = c_tadmekka
b_essako = c_tadmekka
b_kidal = c_tadmekka
b_bura = c_zarma
b_ouallam = c_zarma
b_tera = c_zarma
b_debul = c_debul
b_banbhore = c_debul
b_landhi = c_debul
b_thatta = c_debul
b_makli = c_debul
b_shahbandar = c_debul
b_kolachi = c_debul
b_lari_bandar = c_debul
b_sonda = c_sonda
b_nagarparkar = c_sonda
b_karoonjar = c_sonda
b_amarkot = c_sonda
b_mamhal = c_sonda
b_matli = c_sonda
b_badin = c_sonda
b_mansura = c_mansura
b_mirpur_khas = c_mansura
b_hala = c_mansura
b_nerunkot = c_mansura
b_matiari = c_mansura
b_nasarpur = c_mansura
b_mirman = c_mansura
b_ranikot = c_ranikot
b_sharusan = c_ranikot
b_paat = c_ranikot
b_khudabad = c_ranikot
b_manhabari = c_ranikot
b_jandar = c_ranikot
b_siwistan = c_siwistan
b_dahlilah = c_siwistan
b_mir_rukan = c_siwistan
b_guja = c_siwistan
b_vicalapura = c_siwistan
b_bhakkar = c_bhakkar
b_larkana = c_bhakkar
b_sarkara = c_bhakkar
b_kalari = c_bhakkar
b_sialkot = c_bhakkar
b_shikarpur = c_bhakkar
b_aror = c_aror
b_sukkur = c_aror
b_chak = c_aror
b_basmak = c_aror
b_siraj_ji_takri = c_aror
b_allah_abad = c_aror
b_rajanpur = c_rajanpur
b_rojhan = c_rajanpur
b_adhiwala = c_rajanpur
b_harrand = c_rajanpur
b_dajal = c_rajanpur
b_sibi = c_sibi
b_mastanj = c_sibi
b_walishtan = c_sibi
b_dadhar = c_sibi
b_kandail = c_kandail
b_dadu = c_kandail
b_jhal = c_kandail
b_quzdar = c_quzdar
b_bodein = c_quzdar
b_multan = c_multan
b_mulasthana = c_multan
b_kabirwala = c_multan
b_tulamba = c_multan
b_prahladpuri = c_multan
b_alipur = c_multan
b_makhdum_rashid = c_multan
b_kafirkot = c_kafirkot
b_malot = c_kafirkot
b_bilot = c_kafirkot
b_maniot = c_kafirkot
b_dera_ghazi_khan = c_kafirkot
b_uch = c_uch
b_chachran = c_uch
b_mithankot = c_uch
b_derawar = c_uch
b_chaudari = c_uch
b_sitpur = c_uch
b_karur = c_karur
b_askhanda = c_karur
b_vehari = c_karur
b_chishtian = c_karur
b_marot = c_karur
b_karor = c_karor
b_mankera = c_karor
b_shadia = c_karor
b_wan_bhachran = c_karor
b_bori = c_wana
b_lahur = c_lahur
b_sangla = c_lahur
b_kasur = c_lahur
b_samnabad = c_lahur
b_mehdiabad = c_lahur
b_chunian = c_lahur
b_data_darbar = c_lahur
b_pancapura = c_dipalpur
b_dipalpur = c_dipalpur
b_abohar = c_dipalpur
b_ajodhan = c_dipalpur
b_satghara = c_dipalpur
b_chichawatni = c_dipalpur
b_bhera = c_bhera
b_rampur = c_bhera
b_katasraj = c_bhera
b_girjakh = c_bhera
b_behak_maken = c_bhera
b_phalia = c_bhera
b_bhirr = c_shorkot
b_shorkot = c_shorkot
b_kamalia = c_shorkot
b_chandrod = c_shorkot
b_bhawana = c_shorkot
b_jhang = c_shorkot
b_rabwah = c_shorkot
b_sakala = c_sakala
b_jammu = c_sakala
b_bhuttar = c_sakala
b_bahu = c_sakala
b_vallapura = c_sakala
b_puran_nagar = c_sakala
b_pasrur = c_sakala
b_jalandhar = c_trigarta
b_kahlur = c_trigarta
b_rahon = c_trigarta
b_pathankot = c_trigarta
b_kaparthula = c_trigarta
b_milwat = c_trigarta
b_sarwmanpur = c_trigarta
b_kangra = c_trigarta
b_gurjaratra = c_gurjaratra
b_jhelum = c_gurjaratra
b_kharian = c_gurjaratra
b_kunjah = c_gurjaratra
b_hakla = c_gurjaratra
b_tibbi = c_gurjaratra
b_karianwala = c_gurjaratra
b_bhaddar = c_gurjaratra
b_udabhanda = c_udabhanda
b_charsada = c_udabhanda
b_oddiyana = c_udabhanda
b_attak = c_udabhanda
b_mankiala = c_udabhanda
b_rawal = c_udabhanda
b_ohind = c_udabhanda
b_purushapura = c_purushapura
b_shah_ji_dheri = c_purushapura
b_nowshera = c_purushapura
b_ali_masjid = c_purushapura
b_bajaur = c_purushapura
b_mardan = c_purushapura
b_shergarh = c_purushapura
b_nandana = c_nandana
b_hund = c_nandana
b_lund2 = c_nandana
b_simhapura = c_nandana
b_khushab = c_nandana
b_tulaja = c_nandana
b_khewra = c_nandana
b_srinagara = c_kasmira
b_shankaracharya = c_kasmira
b_parihasapura = c_kasmira
b_padmapura = c_kasmira
b_loharakota = c_kasmira
b_amaresvara = c_kasmira
b_baghsar = c_kasmira
b_bannu = c_bannu
b_hangu = c_bannu
b_karrak = c_bannu
b_kohat = c_bannu
b_dinkot = c_bannu
b_kalabagh = c_bannu
b_indraprastha = c_delhi
b_dhilika = c_delhi
b_mehrauli = c_delhi
b_lalkot = c_delhi
b_narela = c_delhi
b_siri = c_delhi
b_jahanpanah = c_delhi
b_hastinapura = c_hastinapura
b_pandeshwar = c_hastinapura
b_pankot = c_hastinapura
b_indrasthana = c_hastinapura
b_mirath = c_hastinapura
b_baran = c_hastinapura
b_hapur = c_hastinapura
b_saharanpur = c_sthanisvara
b_sthanisvara = c_sthanisvara
b_shakumbhri_devi = c_sthanisvara
b_sirhind = c_sthanisvara
b_karnal = c_sthanisvara
b_samana = c_sthanisvara
b_panipat = c_sthanisvara
b_asigarh = c_hisar
b_asika = c_hisar
b_surajkund = c_hisar
b_rohtak = c_hisar
b_hisar = c_hisar
b_kalanaur = c_hisar
b_agroha = c_hisar
b_tribandapura = c_tribandapura
b_sunam = c_tribandapura
b_jaintpuri = c_tribandapura
b_kartikeya = c_tribandapura
b_amin = c_tribandapura
b_sarasvati = c_sarasvati
b_bhadra = c_sarasvati
b_bhatnir = c_sarasvati
b_tarain = c_sarasvati
b_mathura = c_mathura
b_krishnajanmabhoomi = c_mathura
b_govardhan = c_mathura
b_vrindavan = c_mathura
b_mankameshwar = c_mathura
b_agra = c_mathura
b_khanwa = c_mathura
b_dhanauli = c_mathura
b_dor = c_kol
b_kol = c_kol
b_soron = c_kol
b_nilavati = c_kol
b_etah = c_kol
b_barauli = c_kol
b_sripatha = c_sripatha
b_bayana = c_sripatha
b_dhavalapuri = c_sripatha
b_dholeshwar_mahadev = c_sripatha
b_abanhagari = c_sripatha
b_vodamayutja = c_vodamayutja
b_ahichatra = c_vodamayutja
b_tilokpur = c_vodamayutja
b_anwala = c_vodamayutja
b_bareily = c_vodamayutja
b_sheikhupur = c_vodamayutja
b_sambhal = c_sambhal
b_tattandapura = c_sambhal
b_ujhani = c_sambhal
b_amroha = c_sambhal
b_sirsi = c_sambhal
b_bachhraon = c_sambhal
b_mandawar = c_katehar
b_bijnor = c_katehar
b_gangadvara = c_katehar
b_rishikesh = c_katehar
b_nehtaur = c_katehar
b_kartikeyapura = c_katehar
b_jageshwar = c_katehar
b_anahilapataka = c_sarasvata_mandala
b_vadnagar = c_sarasvata_mandala
b_siddhapura = c_sarasvata_mandala
b_kamboika = c_sarasvata_mandala
b_modhera = c_sarasvata_mandala
b_kheralu = c_sarasvata_mandala
b_shertha = c_sarasvata_mandala
b_khetaka = c_khetaka
b_khambhat = c_khetaka
b_dholka = c_khetaka
b_tarapur = c_khetaka
b_ashaval = c_khetaka
b_nadiad = c_khetaka
b_bhadran = c_khetaka
b_sanand = c_khetaka
b_mohadavasaka = c_mohadavasaka
b_jhalod = c_mohadavasaka
b_lunawada = c_mohadavasaka
b_shamlaji = c_mohadavasaka
b_idar = c_mohadavasaka
b_unjha = c_mohadavasaka
b_danta = c_mohadavasaka
b_dhamalpur = c_dhamalpur
b_morvi = c_dhamalpur
b_lakhota = c_dhamalpur
b_khasta = c_dhamalpur
b_dhrol = c_dhamalpur
b_dvaraka = c_dvaraka
b_lalpur = c_dvaraka
b_dwarakadheesh = c_dvaraka
b_gomati = c_dvaraka
b_bhanvad = c_dvaraka
b_kanthakota = c_kutch
b_anjar = c_kutch
b_dhaneti = c_kutch
b_bhuj = c_kutch
b_vamanasthali = c_bhumilka
b_bhumilka = c_bhumilka
b_girnar = c_bhumilka
b_uperkot = c_bhumilka
b_bhavnat = c_bhumilka
b_mangrol = c_bhumilka
b_shrinagar = c_bhumilka
b_vejalkot = c_somnath
b_somnath = c_somnath
b_delvada = c_somnath
b_diu = c_somnath
b_veraval = c_somnath
b_kanjetar = c_somnath
b_moherak = c_somnath
b_vardhamana = c_vardhamana
b_amarvalli = c_vardhamana
b_halvad = c_vardhamana
b_ranpur = c_vardhamana
b_valabhi = c_valabhi
b_gundigar = c_valabhi
b_sihor = c_valabhi
b_palatina = c_valabhi
b_shatrunjaya = c_valabhi
b_dhandhuka = c_valabhi
b_akruresvara = c_navasarika
b_navasarika = c_navasarika
b_bharuch = c_navasarika
b_surat = c_navasarika
b_rander = c_navasarika
b_dharampur = c_navasarika
b_variav = c_navasarika
b_rajpipla = c_navasarika
b_tadkeshwar = c_navasarika
b_daman = c_daman
b_sanjan = c_daman
b_surparaka = c_daman
b_nagar_haveli = c_daman
b_pardi = c_daman
b_bulsar = c_daman
b_ramnagar = c_daman
b_vadodara = c_vadodara
b_ankotakka = c_vadodara
b_kayavarohan = c_vadodara
b_vatpatrak = c_vadodara
b_darbhavati = c_vadodara
b_nasvadi = c_vadodara
b_mandavyapura = c_mandavyapura
b_siwana = c_mandavyapura
b_osian = c_mandavyapura
b_sanderaka = c_mandavyapura
b_korta = c_mandavyapura
b_mathania = c_mandavyapura
b_ghaneraov = c_mandavyapura
b_naddula = c_mandavyapura
b_medantaka = c_medantaka
b_purnatallakapura = c_medantaka
b_phalarddhi = c_medantaka
b_sanjoo = c_medantaka
b_candravati = c_godwad
b_bhillamala = c_godwad
b_jalor = c_godwad
b_barodiya = c_godwad
b_achalgarh = c_godwad
b_khudala = c_godwad
b_vikramapura = c_vikramapura
b_kolayat = c_vikramapura
b_bhurupal = c_vikramapura
b_bhandasar = c_vikramapura
b_shekhsar = c_vikramapura
b_reni = c_reni
b_dadrewa = c_reni
b_mandir = c_reni
b_bidasar = c_reni
b_sidhmukh = c_reni
b_ahichhatrapur = c_nagauda
b_nagauda = c_nagauda
b_ladnu = c_nagauda
b_makrana = c_nagauda
b_ladnun = c_nagauda
b_kuchaman = c_nagauda
b_mundwa = c_nagauda
b_ludrava = c_ludrava
b_phalavardhika = c_ludrava
b_lanela = c_ludrava
b_jaisalmer = c_ludrava
b_ranakpur = c_ludrava
b_vijnot = c_vijnot
b_bhatiya = c_vijnot
b_kishangarh = c_vijnot
b_ghotki = c_vijnot
b_kiratakupa = c_satyapura
b_satyapura = c_satyapura
b_kiradu = c_satyapura
b_juna_barmer = c_satyapura
b_aghata = c_medapata
b_eklingji = c_medapata
b_nagahrada = c_medapata
b_bagar = c_medapata
b_jagadamba = c_medapata
b_sas_bahu = c_medapata
b_rishabhdeo = c_medapata
b_chitrakut = c_chitrakut
b_rampura = c_chitrakut
b_baroli = c_chitrakut
b_bhainsrorgarh = c_chitrakut
b_mandalgarh = c_chitrakut
b_nagari = c_chitrakut
b_kota = c_kota
b_koshvardhan = c_kota
b_ramgarh = c_kota
b_bundi = c_kota
b_shakambhari = c_ajayameru
b_pushkar = c_ajayameru
b_ajayameru = c_ajayameru
b_taragarh = c_ajayameru
b_dhanop = c_ajayameru
b_nareli = c_ajayameru
b_lawah = c_ajayameru
b_ranthambore = c_ranthambore
b_gangapur = c_ranthambore
b_tonkra = c_ranthambore
b_utgir = c_ranthambore
b_mandrael = c_ranthambore
b_sheopur = c_ranthambore
b_harshnath = c_vairata
b_vairata = c_vairata
b_sanganer = c_vairata
b_amer = c_vairata
b_dhosi = c_vairata
b_jhunjhunu = c_vairata
b_jeenmata = c_vairata
b_khatushyam = c_vairata
b_gwalior = c_gwalior
b_sahastrabahu = c_gwalior
b_dabra = c_gwalior
b_bateshwar = c_gwalior
b_narwar = c_gwalior
b_sabalgarh = c_gwalior
b_vijaypur = c_gwalior
b_dadhipadra = c_dadhipadra
b_pavagadh = c_dadhipadra
b_champaner = c_dadhipadra
b_godhra = c_dadhipadra
b_kalika_mata = c_dadhipadra
b_jawad = c_dadhipadra
b_dhara = c_dhara
b_betma = c_dhara
b_dharampuri = c_dhara
b_indore = c_dhara
b_depalpur = c_dhara
b_jobat = c_dhara
b_sailana = c_dhara
b_dasapura = c_dasapura
b_sondani = c_dasapura
b_dharmrajeshwar = c_dasapura
b_hinglajgarh = c_dasapura
b_taxakeshwar = c_dasapura
b_ujjayini = c_ujjayini
b_agar = c_ujjayini
b_mahakaleshwar = c_ujjayini
b_mehidpur = c_ujjayini
b_dewas = c_ujjayini
b_maksi = c_ujjayini
b_akodia = c_ujjayini
b_sarangpur = c_sarangpur
b_ashta = c_sarangpur
b_sidhhapur = c_sarangpur
b_gagraun = c_sarangpur
b_rajgarh = c_sarangpur
b_jhalawar = c_sarangpur
b_vidisa = c_vidisa
b_sanchi = c_vidisa
b_sironj = c_vidisa
b_bijamandal = c_vidisa
b_raisin = c_vidisa
b_bhojpur = c_vidisa
b_mangla_devi = c_vidisa
b_chanderi = c_chanderi
b_jhansi = c_chanderi
b_luacchagiri = c_chanderi
b_garh_kundar = c_chanderi
b_jarai_ka_math = c_chanderi
b_khurai = c_chanderi
b_aharji = c_chanderi
b_candhoba = c_candhoba
b_sipri = c_candhoba
b_guna = c_candhoba
b_kadwaya = c_candhoba
b_mandapika = c_mandapika
b_bawangaja = c_mandapika
b_maheshwar = c_mandapika
b_borgarh = c_mandapika
b_avasgarh = c_mandapika
b_asirgarh = c_asirgarh
b_khandwa = c_asirgarh
b_khargone = c_asirgarh
b_mandleshwar = c_asirgarh
b_sanawad = c_asirgarh
b_burhanpur = c_burhanpur
b_erandol = c_burhanpur
b_vaghli = c_burhanpur
b_changdev = c_burhanpur
b_yawal = c_burhanpur
b_thalner = c_thalner
b_balasane = c_thalner
b_sindkheda = c_thalner
b_bhamer = c_thalner
b_jhodga = c_thalner
b_laling = c_thalner
b_amalner = c_thalner
b_kanyakubja = c_kanyakubja
b_jajmau = c_kanyakubja
b_bithor = c_kanyakubja
b_etawah = c_kanyakubja
b_swargdwari = c_kanyakubja
b_kampil = c_kanyakubja
b_jai_chandra = c_kanyakubja
b_lakhnau = c_lakhnau
b_jasnaul = c_lakhnau
b_satrikh = c_lakhnau
b_hardoi = c_lakhnau
b_zaidpur = c_lakhnau
b_kalpi = c_kalpi
b_jalaun = c_kalpi
b_lahar = c_kalpi
b_oirai = c_kalpi
b_kurara = c_kalpi
b_konch = c_kalpi
b_bharauli = c_bharauli
b_manikpur = c_bharauli
b_lalganj = c_bharauli
b_bhadri = c_bharauli
b_asni2 = c_asni
b_bhitargaon = c_asni
b_kora = c_asni
b_musanagar = c_asni
b_shivrajpur = c_asni
b_bindki = c_asni
b_khaga = c_asni
b_prayaga = c_prayaga
b_daraganj = c_prayaga
b_alopibagh = c_prayaga
b_kausambi = c_prayaga
b_chowk = c_prayaga
b_kara = c_prayaga
b_dariyabad = c_prayaga
b_naimisa = c_naimisa
b_bahraich = c_naimisa
b_gonda = c_naimisa
b_lakhimpur = c_naimisa
b_sitapur = c_naimisa
b_misrikh = c_naimisa
b_sravasti = c_sravasti
b_barohiya = c_sravasti
b_jetavana = c_sravasti
b_amorha = c_sravasti
b_gorakhnath_math = c_sravasti
b_gorakhpur = c_sravasti
b_maghar = c_sravasti
b_ayodhya = c_ayodhya
b_ramkot = c_ayodhya
b_ram_janmabhoomi = c_ayodhya
b_nageshwarnath = c_ayodhya
b_hanuman_garhi = c_ayodhya
b_faizabad = c_ayodhya
b_sarairasi = c_ayodhya
b_mahoba = c_mahoba
b_chitrakuta = c_mahoba
b_hamirpur = c_mahoba
b_ajaigarh = c_mahoba
b_rath = c_mahoba
b_kalinjar = c_kalanjara
b_khajuraho = c_kalanjara
b_jayapura = c_kalanjara
b_bhatta = c_kalanjara
b_panna = c_kalanjara
b_devendranagar = c_kalanjara
b_damoh = c_damoh
b_dhamoni = c_damoh
b_nohta = c_damoh
b_singrampur = c_damoh
b_narsinghgarh = c_damoh
b_gurgi = c_gurgi
b_satna = c_gurgi
b_bathgahora = c_gurgi
b_chandrehi = c_gurgi
b_tripuri = c_tripuri
b_mandla = c_tripuri
b_garha = c_tripuri
b_chauragarh = c_chauragarh
b_bohani = c_chauragarh
b_barman = c_chauragarh
b_tummana = c_tummana
b_amarkantak = c_tummana
b_manendragarh = c_tummana
b_ratanpur = c_ratanpur
b_pali = c_ratanpur
b_saravpur = c_ratanpur
b_savarinarayana = c_ratanpur
b_bandhugadha = c_bandhugadha
b_shahdol = c_bandhugadha
b_virateshwar = c_bandhugadha
b_bahoriband = c_bandhugadha
b_bikrampur = c_bikrampur
b_sutrapur = c_bikrampur
b_dhakeshwari_jatiya_mandir = c_bikrampur
b_loricol = c_bikrampur
b_shakhari_bazar = c_bikrampur
b_hajiganj = c_bikrampur
b_kumarakhali = c_kumara_mandala
b_fathabad = c_kumara_mandala
b_ekdala = c_kumara_mandala
b_katasgarh = c_kumara_mandala
b_candradvipa = c_candradvipa
b_khulna = c_candradvipa
b_sathkira = c_candradvipa
b_bagerhat = c_candradvipa
b_bakarganj = c_candradvipa
b_devaparvata = c_samatata
b_chatigama = c_samatata
b_candranatha = c_samatata
b_karmanta = c_karmanta
b_mainamati = c_karmanta
b_unakoti = c_karmanta
b_udaipur = c_karmanta
b_madhupur = c_madhupur
b_pabna = c_madhupur
b_bogra = c_madhupur
b_baghabarihat = c_madhupur
b_pundravardhana = c_pundravardhana
b_mahasthangarh = c_pundravardhana
b_somapura_mahavihara = c_pundravardhana
b_totaram_panditer_dhap = c_pundravardhana
b_khulnar_dhap = c_pundravardhana
b_bhimer_jangal = c_pundravardhana
b_ghoraghat = c_pundravardhana
b_narikella = c_suvarnagram
b_suvarnagram = c_suvarnagram
b_satkhira = c_suvarnagram
b_susanga = c_suvarnagram
b_bokainagar = c_suvarnagram
b_karnasubarna = c_gauda
b_raktamrittika = c_gauda
b_tarapith = c_gauda
b_adinatha_mandir = c_gauda
b_agmahl = c_gauda
b_teliagarhi = c_gauda
b_lakhnor = c_radha
b_kalyaneshwari = c_radha
b_katwa = c_radha
b_rampur_boalia = c_radha
b_gopbhum = c_radha
b_ichhai_ghoshgarh = c_radha
b_hirapur = c_radha
b_laksmanavati = c_laksmanavati
b_gaur = c_laksmanavati
b_malda = c_laksmanavati
b_pankak = c_laksmanavati
b_banan = c_laksmanavati
b_shukla = c_laksmanavati
b_puthia = c_laksmanavati
b_ramavati = c_kotivarsa
b_devkot = c_kotivarsa
b_bangarh = c_kotivarsa
b_jagaddala = c_kotivarsa
b_korat = c_kotivarsa
b_siliguri = c_kotivarsa
b_nabadwipa = c_nabadwipa
b_krishnagar = c_nabadwipa
b_pancharatna = c_nabadwipa
b_bidhyanandikathi = c_nabadwipa
b_madhyadwip = c_nabadwipa
b_godrumdwip = c_nabadwipa
b_ritudwip = c_nabadwipa
b_saptagrama = c_saptagrama
b_bansberia = c_saptagrama
b_chinsura = c_saptagrama
b_mahanad = c_saptagrama
b_pandua = c_saptagrama
b_tribeni = c_saptagrama
b_shantipur = c_saptagrama
b_vijayapura = c_vijayapura
b_begunia = c_vijayapura
b_patuli = c_vijayapura
b_kalna = c_vijayapura
b_churulia = c_vijayapura
b_dishergarh = c_vijayapura
b_tamralipti = c_tamralipti
b_sagardwip = c_tamralipti
b_jahajghata = c_tamralipti
b_chandraketugarh = c_tamralipti
b_ishwaripur = c_tamralipti
b_midnapore = c_midnapore
b_moghalmari = c_midnapore
b_dantan = c_midnapore
b_kashipur = c_midnapore
b_hilji = c_midnapore
b_bishnupur = c_mallabhum
b_dihar = c_mallabhum
b_baghmundi = c_mallabhum
b_mandaran = c_mallabhum
b_chandrakona = c_mallabhum
b_garhbeta = c_mallabhum
b_kamarupanagara = c_kamarupanagara
b_pragyotisapura = c_kamarupanagara
b_madan_kamdev = c_kamarupanagara
b_hajo = c_kamarupanagara
b_durjaya = c_kamarupanagara
b_manikuta = c_kamarupanagara
b_dariyaon = c_kamarupanagara
b_kamatapur = c_kamatapur
b_nalrajar_garh = c_kamatapur
b_mainaguri = c_kamatapur
b_japyesvara = c_kamatapur
b_bhitagarh = c_kamatapur
b_goalpara = c_goalpara
b_sri_surya_pahar = c_goalpara
b_kamakhya = c_goalpara
b_dhubri = c_goalpara
b_dimapur = c_dimapur
b_herombial = c_dimapur
b_oddiyana2 = c_dimapur
b_maibong = c_dimapur
b_srihatta = c_srihatta
b_habiganj = c_srihatta
b_egarosindur = c_srihatta
b_nasirabad = c_srihatta
b_jangalbari = c_srihatta
b_haruppeswara = c_haruppeswara
b_numaligarh = c_haruppeswara
b_dibarumukh = c_haruppeswara
b_charaideo = c_haruppeswara
b_kundina = c_kundina
b_prithiminagar = c_kundina
b_sadiya = c_kundina
b_tinsukia = c_kundina
b_sripuri = c_sripuri
b_rajiva_lochana = c_sripuri
b_nuapada = c_sripuri
b_bagbahara = c_sripuri
b_basna = c_sripuri
b_rayapura = c_rayapura
b_rajim = c_rayapura
b_shivapura = c_rayapura
b_shivadurga = c_rayapura
b_nandgram = c_rayapura
b_suvarnapura = c_suvarnapura
b_kalahandi = c_suvarnapura
b_yajatinagara = c_suvarnapura
b_vinitapura = c_suvarnapura
b_agalpur = c_suvarnapura
b_patna = c_suvarnapura
b_bargarh = c_suvarnapura
b_sambalpur = c_sambalpur
b_ranipur = c_sambalpur
b_samaleswari = c_sambalpur
b_rajgangpur = c_sambalpur
b_bimaleswar = c_sambalpur
b_maneswar = c_sambalpur
b_kiranapura = c_kiranapura
b_balaghat = c_kiranapura
b_lanji = c_kiranapura
b_katak = c_kataka
b_bhubaneswar = c_kataka
b_konarak = c_kataka
b_dhauli = c_kataka
b_athgarh = c_kataka
b_sarala = c_kataka
b_sakshigopal = c_kataka
b_viraja = c_viraja
b_raibania = c_viraja
b_mahavinayak = c_viraja
b_bhadrak = c_viraja
b_anandpur = c_viraja
b_soro = c_viraja
b_baleshvara = c_viraja
b_khinjali = c_khinjali_mandala
b_nilamadhav = c_khinjali_mandala
b_nayagarh = c_khinjali_mandala
b_baramba = c_khinjali_mandala
b_kodalaka = c_kodalaka_mandala
b_bajrakot = c_kodalaka_mandala
b_deogarh = c_kodalaka_mandala
b_talcher = c_kodalaka_mandala
b_dhenkanal = c_kodalaka_mandala
b_kapilash = c_kodalaka_mandala
b_joranda_gadhi = c_kodalaka_mandala
b_karamul = c_kodalaka_mandala
b_khijjinga = c_khijjingakota
b_asanapat = c_khijjingakota
b_sitabhinji = c_khijjingakota
b_kirianagar = c_khijjingakota
b_bahalda = c_khijjingakota
b_baripada = c_khijjingakota
b_ghatagaon = c_khijjingakota
b_puri = c_puri
b_buguda = c_puri
b_jaugada = c_puri
b_aska = c_puri
b_ganjam = c_puri
b_taratarini = c_puri
b_gopalpur = c_puri
b_swetakapura = c_swetaka_mandala
b_rayagada = c_swetaka_mandala
b_umerkote = c_swetaka_mandala
b_badakhemundi = c_swetaka_mandala
b_mandasa = c_kalinganagar
b_kalinganagara = c_kalinganagar
b_kalingapattanam = c_kalinganagar
b_srikurmam = c_kalinganagar
b_srikakulam = c_kalinganagar
b_vizagipatam = c_vizagipatam
b_simhachalam = c_vizagipatam
b_anakapalle = c_vizagipatam
b_kotipalli = c_vizagipatam
b_bavikonda = c_vizagipatam
b_bheemunipatnam = c_vizagipatam
b_cakrakuta = c_cakrakuta
b_jagdalpur = c_cakrakuta
b_kanker = c_cakrakuta
b_barasuru = c_barasuru
b_dantewada = c_barasuru
b_barsoor = c_barasuru
b_nandapur = c_nandapur
b_dharamgarh = c_nandapur
b_koraput = c_nandapur
b_junagarh = c_nandapur
b_jeypore = c_nandapur
b_mithila = c_mithila
b_yavamajjhaka = c_mithila
b_saligrama = c_mithila
b_sugauna = c_mithila
b_darbhanga = c_mithila
b_hajipur = c_mithila
b_siwan = c_mithila
b_kusinagara = c_kusinagara
b_lumbini = c_kusinagara
b_padrauna = c_kusinagara
b_ramagrama = c_kusinagara
b_pava = c_kusinagara
b_chapra = c_kusinagara
b_simaramapura = c_simaramapura
b_kesaria = c_simaramapura
b_bhaktagrama = c_simaramapura
b_kathmandu = c_simaramapura
b_pattana = c_simaramapura
b_bettiah = c_simaramapura
b_vaid = c_simaramapura
b_varanasi = c_varanasi
b_sarnath = c_varanasi
b_bhadohi = c_varanasi
b_ballia = c_varanasi
b_durga_mandir = c_varanasi
b_kashi_vishwanath = c_varanasi
b_kerarkot = c_jaunpur
b_gadhipuri = c_jaunpur
b_dohrighat = c_jaunpur
b_jaunpur = c_jaunpur
b_amethi = c_jaunpur
b_haldi = c_jaunpur
b_tanda = c_jaunpur
b_chunar = c_chunar
b_vindhyachal = c_chunar
b_kantit = c_chunar
b_koriya = c_jharkand
b_kandra = c_jharkand
b_ambikapur = c_jharkand
b_rohtas = c_rothas
b_rohtasgarh = c_rothas
b_rohtasan = c_rothas
b_betla = c_rothas
b_palamau = c_rothas
b_rajrappa = c_rajrappa
b_kenduli = c_rajrappa
b_chutia = c_munda
b_ratu = c_munda
b_marang_buru = c_munda
b_deogarh2 = c_damin_i_koh
b_shikarji = c_damin_i_koh
b_pataliputra = c_magadha
b_odantapuri  = c_magadha
b_maner = c_magadha
b_barh = c_magadha
b_bihar_sharif = c_magadha
b_rajagrha = c_magadha
b_triveni = c_magadha
b_sasaram = c_sasaram
b_jaund = c_sasaram
b_mundeshwari = c_sasaram
b_arrah = c_sasaram
b_horilnagar = c_sasaram
b_gaya = c_gaya
b_bodh_gaya = c_gaya
b_elahabad = c_gaya
b_nalanda = c_gaya
b_sherghati = c_gaya
b_nawada = c_gaya
b_mudgagiri = c_mudgagiri
b_kahalgaon = c_mudgagiri
b_campa = c_mudgagiri
b_vikramasila = c_mudgagiri
b_karnagarh = c_mudgagiri
b_jahnugiri = c_mudgagiri
b_lakhisarai = c_mudgagiri
b_acalapura = c_acalapura
b_narnala = c_acalapura
b_amravati = c_acalapura
b_kalam = c_acalapura
b_yavatmal = c_acalapura
b_bhojapur = c_acalapura
b_ramagiri = c_ramagiri
b_pavnar = c_ramagiri
b_nandivardhana = c_ramagiri
b_mansar = c_ramagiri
b_kherla = c_kherla
b_pachmarhi = c_kherla
b_anjangaon = c_kherla
b_gawilghar = c_kherla
b_canda = c_canda
b_ballarpur = c_canda
b_nagbhid = c_canda
b_rajura = c_canda
b_gadchiroli = c_canda
b_vairagara = c_vairagara
b_bhandugara = c_vairagara
b_cikamburika = c_vairagara
b_gondia = c_vairagara
b_gopakapattana = c_goa
b_gheria = c_goa
b_mathagram = c_goa
b_kapardikadvipa = c_goa
b_chandrapur = c_goa
b_chitrakul = c_goa
b_thana = c_thana
b_dabhol = c_thana
b_kanhagiri = c_thana
b_chaul = c_thana
b_mahim = c_thana
b_bassein = c_thana
b_janjira = c_thana
b_honnore = c_honnore
b_bhatkal = c_honnore
b_gokarna = c_honnore
b_barkur = c_honnore
b_mookambika = c_honnore
b_karwar = c_honnore
b_nasikya = c_nasikya
b_seunapura = c_nasikya
b_patta = c_nasikya
b_saptashrungi = c_nasikya
b_ratangad = c_nasikya
b_igatpuri = c_nasikya
b_tryambaka = c_nasikya
b_nandurbar = c_nandurbar
b_bhambhagiri = c_nandurbar
b_chandor = c_nandurbar
b_malegaon = c_nandurbar
b_songarh = c_nandurbar
b_sultanpur = c_nandurbar
b_mayuragiri = c_nandurbar
b_kondana = c_kondana
b_puna = c_kondana
b_bhimashankara = c_kondana
b_chakan = c_kondana
b_junir = c_kondana
b_raigad = c_kondana
b_purandar = c_kondana
b_tikona = c_kondana
b_rajmachi = c_kondana
b_sudhagad = c_kondana
b_devagiri = c_devagiri
b_ellora = c_devagiri
b_khuldabad = c_devagiri
b_grishneshwar = c_devagiri
b_sillod = c_devagiri
b_vaijapur = c_devagiri
b_pratishthana = c_pratishthana
b_harishchandragad = c_pratishthana
b_chambargonda = c_pratishthana
b_patkapur = c_pratishthana
b_bhingar = c_pratishthana
b_ahmednagar = c_pratishthana
b_vatsagulma = c_vatsagulma
b_jalna = c_vatsagulma
b_satgaon = c_vatsagulma
b_lonar = c_vatsagulma
b_manora = c_vatsagulma
b_nandura = c_vatsagulma
b_nanded = c_nanded
b_aurad = c_nanded
b_qandhar = c_nanded
b_shelgaon = c_nanded
b_pathri = c_nanded
b_parbhani = c_nanded
b_parnakheta = c_parnakheta
b_akola = c_parnakheta
b_mahkar = c_parnakheta
b_ambadapura = c_parnakheta
b_karanja = c_parnakheta
b_buldhana = c_parnakheta
b_lattalura = c_lattalura
b_bir = c_lattalura
b_barshi = c_lattalura
b_udgir = c_lattalura
b_tagara = c_lattalura
b_darur = c_lattalura
b_naldurg = c_naldurg
b_sonnalagi = c_naldurg
b_tuljapur = c_naldurg
b_paranda = c_naldurg
b_karmala = c_naldurg
b_dharaseo = c_naldurg
b_kolhapur = c_kolhapur
b_kurundaka = c_kolhapur
b_karahataka = c_kolhapur
b_pranala = c_kolhapur
b_satara = c_kolhapur
b_manapura = c_kolhapur
b_miraj = c_kolhapur
b_taradavadi = c_taradavadi
b_viyapura = c_taradavadi
b_saundatti = c_taradavadi
b_hastikundi = c_taradavadi
b_pandharpur = c_taradavadi
b_sangole = c_taradavadi
b_kalyani = c_kalyani
b_narayanapur = c_kalyani
b_umapur = c_kalyani
b_hanakuni = c_kalyani
b_ausa = c_kalyani
b_bidar = c_bidar
b_avarwadi = c_bidar
b_kamthana = c_bidar
b_bhalki = c_bidar
b_jalasangvi = c_bidar
b_bhatambra = c_bidar
b_tekadee = c_bidar
b_manyakheta = c_manyakheta
b_yadavagiri = c_manyakheta
b_sedam = c_manyakheta
b_gulbarga = c_manyakheta
b_kovilkonda = c_manyakheta
b_firuzabad = c_manyakheta
b_sagar = c_sagar
b_bagavadi = c_sagar
b_pattadakal = c_sagar
b_talikota = c_sagar
b_sorapur = c_sagar
b_srirangapatna = c_srirangapatna
b_shravanabelagola = c_srirangapatna
b_periyapatna = c_srirangapatna
b_panasoge = c_srirangapatna
b_nanjarayapattana = c_srirangapatna
b_belapura = c_srirangapatna
b_mysore = c_srirangapatna
b_talakad = c_talakad
b_veppur = c_talakad
b_somanathapura = c_talakad
b_ummattur = c_talakad
b_sivasamudram = c_talakad
b_kotagiri = c_talakad
b_narasamangala = c_talakad
b_nanjangud = c_talakad
b_manyapura = c_manyapura
b_aralaguppe = c_manyapura
b_turuvekere = c_manyapura
b_kikkeri = c_manyapura
b_melukote = c_manyapura
b_govindanahalli = c_manyapura
b_basaralu = c_manyapura
b_nandagiri = c_nandagiri
b_kuvalala = c_nandagiri
b_avani = c_nandagiri
b_kundani = c_nandagiri
b_nangali = c_nandagiri
b_kurudumale = c_nandagiri
b_mulavagil = c_nandagiri
b_uchangidurga = c_uchangidurga
b_parivi = c_uchangidurga
b_hemavati = c_uchangidurga
b_sira = c_uchangidurga
b_harihar = c_uchangidurga
b_chitradurga = c_uchangidurga
b_nidugallu = c_uchangidurga
b_dwarasamudra = c_dwarasamudra
b_belur = c_dwarasamudra
b_sosavur = c_dwarasamudra
b_hassan = c_dwarasamudra
b_koravangala = c_dwarasamudra
b_arasikere = c_dwarasamudra
b_javagallu = c_dwarasamudra
b_alampur = c_alampur
b_gooty = c_alampur
b_kampili = c_alampur
b_hampi = c_alampur
b_adavani = c_alampur
b_ittagi = c_alampur
b_vijayanagara = c_alampur
b_mudgal = c_idatarainadu
b_gabburu = c_idatarainadu
b_raichur = c_idatarainadu
b_jaladurga = c_idatarainadu
b_hemagudda = c_idatarainadu
b_kammatadurga = c_idatarainadu
b_manvi = c_idatarainadu
b_kudalasangama = c_kudalasangama
b_koppam = c_kudalasangama
b_musangi = c_kudalasangama
b_anegundi = c_kudalasangama
b_bagali = c_kudalasangama
b_kuknur = c_kudalasangama
b_dambal = c_kudalasangama
b_vaijayanti = c_banavasi
b_hangal = c_banavasi
b_balligavi = c_banavasi
b_vankapura = c_banavasi
b_lakkundi = c_banavasi
b_candragutti = c_banavasi
b_kuruvatti = c_banavasi
b_ikkeri = c_banavasi
b_sringeri = c_banavasi
b_vatapi = c_vatapi
b_venugrama = c_vatapi
b_parasgad = c_vatapi
b_aihole = c_vatapi
b_halasi = c_vatapi
b_dharwar = c_vatapi
b_bagalkot = c_vatapi
b_tanjavur = c_cholamandalam
b_uraiyur = c_cholamandalam
b_nagapattinam = c_cholamandalam
b_kannanur = c_cholamandalam
b_gangaikondacolapuram = c_cholamandalam
b_srirangam = c_cholamandalam
b_tiruccirapalli = c_cholamandalam
b_kumbhakarna = c_cholamandalam
b_tagadur = c_tagadur
b_tiruvannamalai = c_tagadur
b_satyamangalam = c_tagadur
b_jinji  = c_tagadur
b_tirukkovalur = c_tagadur
b_padaividu = c_tagadur
b_siyyamangalam = c_tagadur
b_madurai = c_madurai
b_srivilliputtur = c_madurai
b_ramesvaram = c_madurai
b_kilakarai = c_madurai
b_ramnadhapuram = c_madurai
b_tiruparankunram = c_madurai
b_anaimalai = c_madurai
b_tirunelveli = c_tirunelveli
b_kayattar = c_tirunelveli
b_korkai = c_tirunelveli
b_kayal = c_tirunelveli
b_kalugumalai = c_tirunelveli
b_tiruvalisvaram = c_tirunelveli
b_karavur = c_kongu
b_erode = c_kongu
b_perur = c_kongu
b_dharapuri = c_kongu
b_hemambika = c_kongu
b_sendamangalam = c_kongu
b_tiruppur = c_kongu
b_namakkal = c_kongu
b_sankagiri = c_kongu
b_tenkasi = c_tenkasi
b_dindigul = c_tenkasi
b_sankaranayinarkovil = c_tenkasi
b_palayamcottai = c_tenkasi
b_tirumalapuram = c_tenkasi
b_aivarmalai = c_tenkasi
b_mahoyadapuram = c_mahoyadapuram
b_udagai = c_mahoyadapuram
b_kaladi = c_mahoyadapuram
b_kunjakari = c_mahoyadapuram
b_tripunittura = c_mahoyadapuram
b_kaviyur = c_mahoyadapuram
b_kadungallur = c_mahoyadapuram
b_vizhinjam = c_venadu
b_kollam = c_venadu
b_kanya_kumari = c_venadu
b_anantasayanam = c_venadu
b_kandalur = c_venadu
b_nagercoil = c_venadu
b_calicut = c_qalqut
b_nediyiruppu = c_qalqut
b_kannur = c_qalqut
b_urakam = c_qalqut
b_vatakara = c_qalqut
b_parappanangadi = c_qalqut
b_chaliyam = c_qalqut
b_udayavara = c_kanara
b_udupi = c_kanara
b_mangalur = c_kanara
b_dharmasthala = c_kanara
b_kasargod = c_kanara
b_kadarika = c_kanara
b_mahal = c_maldives
b_fuvahmulah = c_maldives
b_isdhoo = c_maldives
b_salliballu = c_maldives
b_dhanbidhoo = c_maldives
b_mundoo = c_maldives
b_gan = c_maldives
b_kanchipuram = c_kanchipuram
b_uttaramerur = c_kanchipuram
b_mailapur = c_kanchipuram
b_rajagiri = c_kanchipuram
b_koodalur = c_kanchipuram
b_takkaloma = c_kanchipuram
b_alampuravi = c_kanchipuram
b_potapi = c_potapi
b_kaveripattinam = c_potapi
b_tirupati = c_potapi
b_melpadi = c_potapi
b_virincipuram = c_potapi
b_vengipura = c_vengipura
b_eluru = c_vengipura
b_dwarakatirumala = c_vengipura
b_kondapalli = c_vengipura
b_palakollu = c_vengipura
b_bandarulanka = c_vengipura
b_narasapuram = c_vengipura
b_vijayawada = c_vijayawada
b_kondavidu = c_vijayawada
b_chebrolu = c_vijayawada
b_masula = c_vijayawada
b_guntur = c_vijayawada
b_peddapalli = c_vijayawada
b_pithapuram = c_pithapuram
b_mandapeta = c_pithapuram
b_draksharama = c_pithapuram
b_somarama = c_pithapuram
b_samalkota = c_pithapuram
b_kakinada = c_pithapuram
b_rajamahendravaram = c_rajamahendravaram
b_kuwakonda = c_rajamahendravaram
b_kirandul = c_rajamahendravaram
b_pattiseema = c_rajamahendravaram
b_udayagiri = c_udayagiri
b_srisailam = c_udayagiri
b_vallurapura = c_udayagiri
b_nandyal = c_udayagiri
b_sriparvata = c_udayagiri
b_gandikota = c_udayagiri
b_mahanandi = c_udayagiri
b_kanipakam = c_udayagiri
b_amaravati = c_amaravati
b_vinukonda = c_amaravati
b_dhanyakataka = c_amaravati
b_macherla = c_amaravati
b_gurazala = c_amaravati
b_kotappakonda = c_amaravati
b_ahobalam = c_amaravati
b_penugonda = c_penugonda
b_suragiri = c_penugonda
b_anantapur = c_penugonda
b_togarakunta = c_penugonda
b_gurramkonda = c_penugonda
b_rayadurgam = c_penugonda
b_uravakonda = c_penugonda
b_lepakshi = c_penugonda
b_nellore = c_nellore
b_kalahasti = c_nellore
b_kandukura = c_nellore
b_addanki = c_nellore
b_tripurantakam = c_nellore
b_gundigapuri = c_nellore
b_mutapali = c_nellore
b_warangal = c_orangallu
b_palampet = c_orangallu
b_kothakonda = c_orangallu
b_anumakonda = c_orangallu
b_ghanpur = c_orangallu
b_molangoor = c_orangallu
b_bhadrakali = c_orangallu
b_kambampet = c_kambampet
b_bhadrachalam = c_kambampet
b_nelakondapalli = c_kambampet
b_penuballi = c_kambampet
b_suryapet = c_kambampet
b_madupalli = c_kambampet
b_shahpura = c_kambampet
b_vemulavada = c_vemulavada
b_kaulas = c_vemulavada
b_kaleshwaram = c_vemulavada
b_indur = c_vemulavada
b_potali = c_vemulavada
b_balkonda = c_balkonda
b_mahur = c_balkonda
b_basara = c_balkonda
b_nirmal = c_balkonda
b_manikdurg = c_balkonda
b_dharmapuri = c_balkonda
b_racakonda = c_racakonda
b_bhuvanagiri = c_racakonda
b_manchal = c_racakonda
b_yadagirigutta = c_racakonda
b_nilagiri = c_nilagiri
b_avulagadda = c_nilagiri
b_panagallu = c_nilagiri
b_maheshwaram = c_nilagiri
b_devarakonda = c_nilagiri
b_vadapally = c_nilagiri
b_pannagallu = c_pannagallu
b_nagarkurnool = c_pannagallu
b_charakonda = c_pannagallu
b_mutudugu = c_pannagallu
b_medak = c_medak
b_domakonda = c_medak
b_kohir = c_medak
b_mardi = c_medak
b_ananthagiri = c_medak
b_kollipake = c_kollipake
b_karmanghat = c_kollipake
b_golkonda = c_kollipake
b_chilkur_balaji = c_kollipake
b_devaryamjal = c_kollipake
b_vapinagara = c_dakhina_desa
b_samantakuta = c_dakhina_desa
b_kalyani2 = c_dakhina_desa
b_mahiyangana = c_dakhina_desa
b_jambudoni = c_dakhina_desa
b_hatthigiripura = c_dakhina_desa
b_kotte = c_dakhina_desa
b_rayigama = c_dakhina_desa
b_rohana = c_rohana
b_mahagama = c_rohana
b_dighavapi = c_rohana
b_mahanagakula = c_rohana
b_devanagara = c_rohana
b_gampala = c_rohana
b_kajaragama = c_rohana
b_buduruvagala = c_rohana
b_anuradhapura = c_phiti
b_atamasthana = c_phiti
b_mahatittha = c_phiti
b_punkhagama = c_phiti
b_mihintale = c_phiti
b_mannara = c_phiti
b_subhagiri = c_phiti
b_sukaratittha = c_nagadipa
b_yapapatuna = c_nagadipa
b_vallipuram = c_nagadipa
b_nallur = c_nagadipa
b_nainativu = c_nagadipa
b_pulatthinagara = c_kotthasara
b_gokanna = c_kotthasara
b_sigiriya = c_kotthasara
b_vatagiri = c_kotthasara
b_trincomalee = c_kotthasara
b_girikandaka = c_kotthasara
b_madakalapuva = c_kotthasara
c_holland = d_holland
c_sticht = d_holland
c_westfriesland = d_holland
c_zeeland = d_holland
c_gelre = d_gelre
c_ostfriesland = d_gelre
c_frisia = d_gelre
c_brabant = d_brabant
c_hainaut = d_brabant
c_breda = d_brabant
c_artois = d_flanders
c_boulogne = d_flanders
c_guines = d_flanders
c_yperen = d_flanders
c_brugge = d_flanders
c_gent = d_flanders
c_luxembourg = d_luxembourg
c_liege = d_luxembourg
c_julich = d_luxembourg
c_loon = d_luxembourg
c_lorraine = d_upper_lorraine
c_saintois = d_upper_lorraine
c_bar = d_upper_lorraine
c_pfalz = d_lower_lorraine
c_trier = d_lower_lorraine
c_metz = d_lower_lorraine
c_verdun = d_lower_lorraine
c_nordgau = d_alsace
c_sundgau = d_alsace
c_kempten = d_bavaria
c_oberbayern = d_bavaria
c_salzburg = d_bavaria
c_niederbayern = d_bavaria
c_nurnberg = d_bavaria
c_passau = d_osterreich
c_znojmo = d_osterreich
c_osterreich = d_osterreich
c_steiermark = d_osterreich
c_tirol = d_tyrol
c_st_gallen = d_tyrol
c_innsbruck = d_tyrol
c_chur = d_tyrol
c_istria = d_carinthia
c_krain = d_carinthia
c_karnten = d_carinthia
c_aquileia = d_carinthia
c_celle = d_brunswick
c_luneburg = d_brunswick
c_braunschweig = d_brunswick
c_oldenburg = d_brunswick
c_osnabruck = d_brunswick
c_thuringen = d_thuringia
c_nassau = d_thuringia
c_gottingen = d_thuringia
c_koln = d_koln
c_munster = d_koln
c_kleve = d_koln
c_mainz = d_franconia
c_leiningen = d_franconia
c_wurzburg = d_franconia
c_bamberg = d_franconia
c_baden = d_baden
c_breisgau = d_baden
c_schwaben = d_swabia
c_ulm = d_swabia
c_furstenberg = d_swabia
c_wurttemberg = d_swabia
c_nikaea = d_nikaea
c_nikomedeia = d_nikaea
c_prusa = d_nikaea
c_kyzikos = d_nikaea
c_ephesos = d_samos
c_smyrna = d_samos
c_chios = d_samos
c_abydos = d_aegean_islands
c_naxos = d_aegean_islands
c_euboia = d_aegean_islands
c_lesbos = d_aegean_islands
c_kaliopolis = d_thrace
c_byzantion = d_thrace
c_thrake = d_thrace
c_adrianopolis = d_adrianopolis
c_philippopolis = d_adrianopolis
c_chalkidike = d_thessalonika
c_thessalonike = d_thessalonika
c_thessalia = d_thessalonika
c_strymon = d_dyrrachion
c_ochrid = d_dyrrachion
c_dyrrachion = d_dyrrachion
c_epeiros = d_epirus
c_arta = d_epirus
c_cephalonia = d_epirus
c_demetrias = d_athens
c_hellas = d_athens
c_atheniai = d_athens
c_achaia = d_achaia
c_korinthos = d_achaia
c_methone = d_achaia
c_monemvasia = d_achaia
c_kaneia = d_krete
c_chandax = d_krete
c_famagusta = d_cyprus
c_limisol = d_cyprus
c_attaleia = d_cibyrrhaeot
c_rhodos = d_cibyrrhaeot
c_lykia = d_cibyrrhaeot
c_dorylaion = d_anatolia
c_ikonion = d_anatolia
c_sozopolis = d_thracesia
c_laodikeia = d_thracesia
c_kaisereia = d_charsianon
c_galatia = d_charsianon
c_tyana = d_charsianon
c_amisos = d_armeniacon
c_sinope = d_armeniacon
c_paphlagonia = d_paphlagonia
c_herakleia = d_paphlagonia
c_ankyra = d_paphlagonia
c_theodosiopolis = d_trebizond
c_trapezous = d_trebizond
c_chaldea = d_trebizond
c_lykandos = d_armenia_minor
c_tarsos = d_armenia_minor
c_adana = d_armenia_minor
c_teluch = d_armenia_minor
c_seleukeia = d_armenia_minor
c_vaspurakan = d_armenia
c_dwin = d_armenia
c_ani = d_armenia
c_lori = d_armenia
c_karin = d_mesopotamia
c_mesopotamia = d_mesopotamia
c_taron = d_mesopotamia
c_edessa = d_edessa
c_tell_bashir = d_edessa
c_aintab = d_edessa
c_koloneia = d_coloneia
c_melitene = d_coloneia
c_vidin = d_vidin
c_naissus = d_vidin
c_tyrnovo = d_turnovo
c_serdica = d_turnovo
c_nikopolis = d_turnovo
c_dorostotum = d_turnovo
c_mesembria = d_karvuna
c_karvuna = d_karvuna
c_constantia = d_karvuna
c_rashka = d_rashka
c_hum = d_rashka
c_belgrade = d_rashka
c_zeta = d_dioclea
c_ragusa = d_dioclea
c_krizevci = d_slavonia
c_zagreb = d_slavonia
c_varadzin = d_slavonia
c_rama = d_bosnia
c_usora = d_bosnia
c_zachlumia = d_croatia
c_senj = d_croatia
c_veglia = d_croatia
c_split = d_dalmatia
c_zadar = d_dalmatia
c_benevento = d_benevento
c_foggia = d_benevento
c_capua = d_capua
c_napoli = d_capua
c_apulia = d_apulia
c_bari = d_apulia
c_lecce = d_apulia
c_salerno = d_salerno
c_taranto = d_salerno
c_amalfi = d_salerno
c_consenza = d_calabria
c_reggio = d_calabria
c_palermo = d_sicily
c_messina = d_sicily
c_siracusa = d_sicily
c_agrigento = d_sicily
c_trapani = d_sicily
c_malta = d_sicily
c_kartli = d_kartli
c_tao = d_kartli
c_guria = d_kartli
c_kakheti = d_kartli
c_albania = d_derbent
c_derbent = d_derbent
c_semender = d_derbent
c_imeretia = d_abkhazia
c_abkhazia = d_abkhazia
c_venezia = d_venice
c_treviso = d_verona
c_verona = d_verona
c_padova = d_verona
c_mantua = d_verona
c_piemonte = d_susa
c_saluzzo = d_susa
c_monferrato = d_susa
c_brescia = d_lombardia
c_lombardia = d_lombardia
c_trent = d_lombardia
c_pavia = d_lombardia
c_cremona = d_lombardia
c_genoa = d_genoa
c_modena = d_modena
c_parma = d_modena
c_bologna = d_ferrara
c_ferrara = d_ferrara
c_ravenna = d_ferrara
c_lucca = d_toscana
c_firenze = d_toscana
c_siena = d_toscana
c_pisa = d_pisa
c_piombino = d_pisa
c_ancona = d_ancona
c_urbino = d_ancona
c_spoleto = d_spoleto
c_aprutium = d_spoleto
c_roma = d_latium
c_orvieto = d_latium
c_orbetello = d_latium
c_corsica = d_sardinia
c_arborea = d_sardinia
c_cagliari = d_sardinia
c_uppland = d_uppland
c_gastrikland = d_uppland
c_aland = d_uppland
c_sodermanland = d_uppland
c_ostergotland = d_ostergotland
c_tjust = d_ostergotland
c_gotland = d_ostergotland
c_vastergotland = d_vastergotland
c_narke = d_vastergotland
c_dal = d_vastergotland
c_lappland = d_norrland
c_vasterbotten = d_norrland
c_angermanland = d_norrland
c_medelpad = d_norrland
c_halsingland = d_norrland
c_dalarna = d_bergslagen
c_varmland = d_bergslagen
c_vastmanland = d_bergslagen
c_more = d_smaland
c_smaland = d_smaland
c_oland = d_smaland
c_skane = d_skane
c_halland = d_skane
c_bornholm = d_skane
c_blekinge = d_skane
c_sjaelland = d_sjaelland
c_fyn = d_sjaelland
c_slesvig = d_slesvig
c_jylland = d_slesvig
c_hamburg = d_holstein
c_lubeck = d_holstein
c_holstein = d_holstein
c_bremen = d_holstein
c_vestisland = d_iceland
c_austisland = d_iceland
c_faereyar = d_orkney
c_shetland = d_orkney
c_orkney = d_orkney
c_agder = d_vestlandet
c_rogaland = d_vestlandet
c_telemark = d_vestlandet
c_bergenshus = d_vestlandet
c_vestfold = d_ostlandet
c_akershus = d_ostlandet
c_viken = d_ostlandet
c_oppland = d_ostlandet
c_hedmark = d_ostlandet
c_trondelag = d_trondelag
c_naumadal = d_trondelag
c_halogaland = d_trondelag
c_finnmark = d_trondelag
c_nordland = d_trondelag
c_jamtland = d_jamtland
c_herjedalen = d_jamtland
c_kola = d_kola
c_kandalax = d_kola
c_kemi = d_kola
c_reval = d_esthonia
c_narva = d_esthonia
c_vodi = d_esthonia
c_lettigalians = d_livonia
c_livs = d_livonia
c_dorpat = d_livonia
c_osel = d_livonia
c_savolaks = d_karelia
c_onega = d_karelia
c_karelen = d_karelia
c_kexholm = d_karelia
c_nyland = d_finland
c_finland = d_finland
c_tavasts = d_finland
c_satakunta = d_finland
c_osterbotten = d_finland
c_plock = d_mazovia
c_czersk = d_mazovia
c_lubusz = d_greater_poland
c_gnieznienskie = d_greater_poland
c_poznanskie = d_greater_poland
c_kaliskie = d_greater_poland
c_lower_silesia = d_silesia
c_upper_silesia = d_silesia
c_opole = d_silesia
c_cieszyn = d_silesia
c_krakowskie = d_lesser_poland
c_sacz = d_lesser_poland
c_sandomierskie = d_lesser_poland
c_sieradzko-leczyckie = d_kuyavia
c_kujawy = d_kuyavia
c_mecklemburg = d_mecklemburg
c_rostock = d_mecklemburg
c_werle = d_mecklemburg
c_rugen = d_mecklemburg
c_wolgast = d_pommerania
c_stettin = d_pommerania
c_danzig = d_pomeralia
c_slupsk = d_pomeralia
c_anhalt = d_saxony
c_plauen = d_saxony
c_weimar = d_saxony
c_altmark = d_brandenburg
c_brandenburg = d_brandenburg
c_meissen = d_meissen
c_lausitz = d_meissen
c_marienburg = d_prussia
c_galindia = d_prussia
c_sambia = d_prussia
c_chelminskie = d_prussia
c_polotsk = d_polotsk
c_lepiel = d_polotsk
c_west_dvina = d_polotsk
c_aukshayts = d_lithuanians
c_sudovia = d_lithuanians
c_yatvyagi = d_lithuanians
c_jacwiez = d_yatviags
c_podlasie = d_yatviags
c_zemigalians = d_courland
c_kurs = d_courland
c_scalovia = d_samogitia
c_memel = d_samogitia
c_zhmud = d_samogitia
c_domazlice = d_bohemia
c_praha = d_bohemia
c_boleslav = d_bohemia
c_litomerice = d_bohemia
c_plzen = d_bohemia
c_hradec = d_moravia
c_olomouc = d_moravia
c_brno = d_moravia
c_beloozero = d_beloozero
c_zaozerye = d_beloozero
c_chud = d_beloozero
c_bezhetsky_verh = d_novgorod
c_torzhok = d_novgorod
c_novgorod = d_novgorod
c_toropets = d_novgorod
c_pskov = d_pskov
c_velikiye_luki = d_pskov
c_pereyaslavl_zalessky = d_rostov
c_rostov = d_rostov
c_uglich = d_rostov
c_tver = d_tver
c_vyazma = d_tver
c_kostroma = d_yaroslavl
c_yaroslavl = d_yaroslavl
c_vologda = d_yaroslavl
c_galich_mersky = d_vladimir
c_gorodez = d_vladimir
c_nizhny_novgorod = d_vladimir
c_suzdal = d_vladimir
c_vladimir = d_vladimir
c_mozhaysk = d_moskva
c_moskva = d_moskva
c_korsun = d_kiev
c_kiev = d_kiev
c_terebovl = d_galich
c_galich = d_galich
c_peremyshl = d_galich
c_vladimir_volynsky = d_volhynia
c_beresty = d_volhynia
c_turov = d_turov
c_pinsk = d_turov
c_minsk = d_vitebsk
c_orsha = d_vitebsk
c_vitebsk = d_vitebsk
c_smolensk = d_smolensk
c_roslavl = d_smolensk
c_mstislavl = d_smolensk
c_lyubech = d_chernigov
c_chernigov = d_chernigov
c_novgorod_seversky = d_novgorod-seversk
c_bryansk = d_novgorod-seversk
c_pronsk = d_ryazan
c_murom = d_ryazan
c_ryazan = d_ryazan
c_kolomna = d_ryazan
c_pereyaslavl = d_pereyaslavl
c_chortitza = d_pereyaslavl
c_perm = d_perm
c_votyaki = d_perm
c_komi = d_perm
c_ural = d_perm
c_mansia = d_yugra
c_khantia = d_yugra
c_yamalia = d_yugra
c_narim = d_yugra
c_zyriane = d_hlynov
c_ugra = d_hlynov
c_syrj = d_hlynov
c_veliky_ustug = d_hlynov
c_romny = d_bjarmia
c_trans-portage = d_bjarmia
c_north_dvina = d_bjarmia
c_bjarmia = d_bjarmia
c_samoyeds = d_bjarmia
c_altay = d_altay
c_dunkheger = d_altay
c_muztau = d_altay
c_kyzyl = d_otuken
c_otuken = d_otuken
c_erchis = d_otuken
c_gorgol = d_otuken
c_khangai = d_khangai
c_kara_khorum = d_khangai
c_baygal = d_khangai
c_aj_bogd = d_ikh_bogd
c_ikh_bogd = d_ikh_bogd
c_tsagaannuur = d_ikh_bogd
c_yarkand = d_kashgar
c_kashgar = d_kashgar
c_aksu = d_kashgar
c_khotan = d_khotan
c_cherchen = d_khotan
c_charkliq = d_khotan
c_karashar = d_karashar
c_kucha = d_karashar
c_kara_khoja = d_karashar
c_luntai = d_karashar
c_loulan = d_kumul
c_kumul = d_kumul
c_dunhuang = d_kumul
c_anxi = d_kumul
c_itil = d_itil
c_guryev = d_itil
c_pecheneg = d_itil
c_uzens = d_itil
c_lower_volga = d_itil
c_saray = d_itil
c_sugrov = d_sarkel
c_desht-i-kipchak = d_sarkel
c_sarkel = d_sarkel
c_don_portage = d_sarkel
c_sharukan = d_sarkel
c_inder = d_yaik
c_aqtobe = d_yaik
c_yaik = d_yaik
c_bashkirs = d_yaik
c_tyumen = d_sibir
c_sibir = d_sibir
c_tobol = d_sibir
c_ishim = d_sibir
c_kipchak = d_kipchak
c_turgay = d_kipchak
c_kazakh = d_kipchak
c_kimak = d_kimak
c_tura = d_kimak
c_balkhash = d_kimak
c_kirghiz = d_kirghiz
c_ket = d_kirghiz
c_urzhar = d_kirghiz
c_merya = d_maris
c_hlynov = d_maris
c_qazan = d_bulgar
c_bilyar = d_bulgar
c_bulgar = d_bulgar
c_syrt = d_bulgar
c_ashli = d_bulgar
c_grassland_cheremisa = d_cheremisa
c_chuvash = d_cheremisa
c_mountain_cheremisa = d_cheremisa
c_mordva = d_mordvins
c_burtasy = d_mordvins
c_khopyor = d_mordvins
c_theodosia = d_cherson
c_korchev = d_cherson
c_cherson = d_cherson
c_tmutarakan = d_cherson
c_lower_don = d_crimea
c_oleshye = d_crimea
c_lukomorie = d_crimea
c_lower_dniepr = d_crimea
c_crimea = d_crimea
c_kasogs = d_alania
c_yegorlyk = d_alania
c_manych = d_alania
c_alania = d_alania
c_kuma = d_alania
c_tana = d_azov
c_azov = d_azov
c_kuban = d_azov
c_sarpa = d_azov
c_aral = d_turkestan
c_kangly = d_turkestan
c_mangyshlak = d_turkestan
c_turkestan = d_turkestan
c_chuy = d_zhetysu
c_ili = d_zhetysu
c_zhetysu = d_zhetysu
c_karluk = d_zhetysu
c_syr_darya = d_syr_darya
c_otrar = d_syr_darya
c_chach = d_syr_darya
c_kyzylkum = d_syr_darya
c_tus = d_khorasan
c_birjand = d_khorasan
c_nishapur = d_khorasan
c_qohistan = d_khorasan
c_lut = d_khorasan
c_tabaristan = d_mazandaran
c_mazandaran = d_mazandaran
c_dailam = d_mazandaran
c_gurgan = d_mazandaran
c_esfahan = d_esfahan
c_yazd = d_esfahan
c_avhaz = d_esfahan
c_shiraz = d_esfahan
c_kerman = d_kerman
c_bam = d_kerman
c_hormuz = d_kerman
c_ladistan = d_kerman
c_sirjan = d_kerman
c_fars = d_fars
c_hendjan = d_fars
c_khozistan = d_fars
c_qom = d_hamadan
c_hamadan = d_hamadan
c_rayy = d_hamadan
c_qwivir = d_hamadan
c_oromieh = d_tabriz
c_gilan = d_tabriz
c_tabriz = d_tabriz
c_shirvan = d_azerbaijan
c_azerbaijan = d_azerbaijan
c_suenik = d_azerbaijan
c_shemakha = d_azerbaijan
c_makran = d_baluchistan
c_chagai = d_baluchistan
c_kalat = d_baluchistan
c_armail = d_baluchistan
c_sistan = d_sistan
c_zahedan = d_sistan
c_jask = d_sistan
c_tis = d_sistan
c_saravan = d_sistan
c_kabul = d_kabul
c_bamiyan = d_kabul
c_kunduz = d_kabul
c_ghazna = d_kabul
c_bost = d_zabulistan
c_farrah = d_zabulistan
c_zaranj = d_zabulistan
c_mandesh = d_zabulistan
c_khiva = d_khiva
c_urgench = d_khiva
c_dashhowuz = d_khiva
c_bukhara = d_khiva
c_samarkand = d_samarkand
c_oshrusana = d_samarkand
c_khuttal = d_samarkand
c_fergana = d_samarkand
c_merv = d_merv
c_maymana = d_merv
c_balkh = d_merv
c_herat = d_merv
c_dihistan = d_dihistan
c_kara-kum = d_dihistan
c_konjikala = d_dihistan
c_usturt = d_dihistan
c_qazwin = d_kermanshah
c_kermanshah = d_kermanshah
c_luristan = d_kermanshah
c_al_nadjaf = d_tigris
c_ilam = d_tigris
c_tigris = d_tigris
c_al_amarah = d_tigris
c_al_nasiryah = d_tigris
c_kufa = d_basra
c_rummah = d_basra
c_kuwait = d_basra
c_basra = d_basra
c_karbala = d_baghdad
c_baghdad = d_baghdad
c_al_habbariyah = d_baghdad
c_deir = d_baghdad
c_euphrates = d_baghdad
c_kirkuk = d_baghdad
c_mosul = d_mosul
c_kurdistan = d_mosul
c_sinjar = d_mosul
c_bira = d_jazira
c_al_jazira = d_jazira
c_amida = d_jazira
c_nisibin = d_jazira
c_turnu = d_wallachia
c_tirgoviste = d_wallachia
c_severin = d_wallachia
c_galaz = d_wallachia
c_peresechen = d_moldau
c_torki = d_moldau
c_olvia = d_moldau
c_belgorod = d_moldau
c_birlad = d_moldau
c_pecs = d_pecs
c_szekezfehervar = d_pecs
c_vas = d_pecs
c_fejer = d_pecs
c_sopron = d_esztergom
c_esztergom = d_esztergom
c_pressburg = d_esztergom
c_nitra = d_nyitra
c_trencin = d_nyitra
c_gemer = d_nyitra
c_orava = d_nyitra
c_saris = d_ungvar
c_bereg = d_ungvar
c_abauj = d_ungvar
c_marmaros = d_ungvar
c_heves = d_pest
c_pest = d_pest
c_csanad = d_pest
c_szekelyfold = d_transylvania
c_bihar = d_transylvania
c_feher = d_transylvania
c_temes = d_temes
c_bacs = d_temes
c_tourraine = d_berry
c_bourges = d_berry
c_anjou = d_anjou
c_maine = d_anjou
c_evreux = d_normandy
c_avranches = d_normandy
c_vexin = d_normandy
c_arques = d_normandy
c_eu = d_normandy
c_orleans = d_orleans
c_blois = d_orleans
c_vendome = d_orleans
c_chartres = d_orleans
c_troyes = d_champagne
c_reims = d_champagne
c_sens = d_champagne
c_ile_de_france = d_valois
c_vermandois = d_valois
c_amiens = d_valois
c_chalons = d_burgundy
c_auxerre = d_burgundy
c_macon = d_burgundy
c_dijon = d_burgundy
c_nevers = d_burgundy
c_charolais = d_burgundy
c_bordeaux = d_aquitaine
c_agen = d_aquitaine
c_perigord = d_aquitaine
c_angouleme = d_aquitaine
c_montpellier = d_toulouse
c_narbonne = d_toulouse
c_carcassonne = d_toulouse
c_toulouse = d_toulouse
c_rouergue = d_toulouse
c_foix = d_toulouse
c_bearn = d_gascogne
c_armagnac = d_gascogne
c_labourd = d_gascogne
c_albret = d_gascogne
c_lusignan = d_poitou
c_saintonge = d_poitou
c_poitiers = d_poitou
c_thouars = d_poitou
c_auvergne = d_auvergne
c_gevaudan = d_auvergne
c_bourbon = d_bourbon
c_limousin = d_bourbon
c_la_marche = d_bourbon
c_nantes = d_brittany
c_vannes = d_brittany
c_cornouaille = d_brittany
c_french_leon = d_brittany
c_penthievre = d_brittany
c_rennes = d_brittany
c_provence = d_provence
c_forcalquier = d_provence
c_venaissin = d_provence
c_nice = d_provence
c_savoie = d_savoie
c_valais = d_savoie
c_geneve = d_savoie
c_dauphine_viennois = d_dauphine
c_lyon = d_dauphine
c_forez = d_dauphine
c_viviers = d_dauphine
c_grisons = d_upper_burgundy
c_neuchatel = d_upper_burgundy
c_bern = d_upper_burgundy
c_schwyz = d_upper_burgundy
c_aargau = d_upper_burgundy
c_besancon = d_upper_burgundy
c_burgos = d_castilla
c_valladolid = d_castilla
c_soria = d_castilla
c_asturias_de_santillana = d_castilla
c_albarracin = d_aragon
c_alto_aragon = d_aragon
c_zaragoza = d_aragon
c_calatayud = d_aragon
c_barcelona = d_barcelona
c_urgell = d_barcelona
c_rosello = d_barcelona
c_empuries = d_barcelona
c_lleida = d_barcelona
c_tarragona = d_barcelona
c_castellon = d_valencia
c_valencia = d_valencia
c_denia = d_valencia
c_mallorca = d_mallorca
c_menorca = d_mallorca
c_viscaya = d_navarra
c_navarra = d_navarra
c_najera = d_navarra
c_asturias_de_oviedo = d_asturias
c_astorga = d_asturias
c_leon = d_leon
c_zamora = d_leon
c_salamanca = d_leon
c_coruna = d_galicia
c_santiago = d_galicia
c_porto = d_porto
c_braganza = d_porto
c_castelo_branco = d_porto
c_coimbra = d_porto
c_lisboa = d_beja
c_evora = d_beja
c_alcacer_do_sal = d_beja
c_mertola = d_beja
c_silves = d_algarve
c_faro = d_algarve
c_cordoba = d_cordoba
c_la_mancha = d_cordoba
c_calatrava = d_cordoba
c_almansa = d_murcia
c_murcia = d_murcia
c_granada = d_granada
c_almeria = d_granada
c_malaga = d_granada
c_sevilla = d_sevilla
c_cadiz = d_sevilla
c_algeciras = d_sevilla
c_aracena = d_sevilla
c_niebla = d_sevilla
c_plasencia = d_badajoz
c_alcantara = d_badajoz
c_caceres = d_badajoz
c_badajoz = d_badajoz
c_toledo = d_toledo
c_molina = d_toledo
c_cuenca = d_toledo
c_al_aqabah = d_arabia_petrae
c_ar_ar = d_arabia_petrae
c_maan = d_arabia_petrae
c_tabuk = d_arabia_petrae
c_petra = d_arabia_petrae
c_al_jawf = d_medina
c_hijaz = d_medina
c_medina = d_medina
c_mecca = d_medina
c_asir = d_medina
c_bayda = d_sanaa
c_sanaa = d_sanaa
c_taizz = d_sanaa
c_aden = d_sanaa
c_kathiri = d_sanaa
c_socotra = d_sanaa
c_dhu_zabi = d_oman
c_hajar = d_oman
c_muscat = d_oman
c_duqm = d_oman
c_dhofar = d_oman
c_mahra = d_oman
c_rafha = d_nefoud
c_hail = d_nefoud
c_hajr = d_nefoud
c_halaban = d_nefoud
c_damman = d_amman
c_al_hasa = d_amman
c_bahrein = d_amman
c_alexandria = d_alexandria
c_al_alamayn = d_alexandria
c_quattara = d_alexandria
c_gizeh = d_alexandria
c_gabiyaha = d_damietta
c_delta = d_damietta
c_pelusia = d_damietta
c_manupura = d_damietta
c_cairo = d_cairo
c_sarqihya = d_cairo
c_aswan = d_aswan
c_buhairya = d_aswan
c_quena = d_aswan
c_asyut = d_aswan
c_farama = d_sinai
c_sinai = d_sinai
c_eilat = d_sinai
c_el-arish = d_sinai
c_negev = d_oultrejourdain
c_monreal = d_oultrejourdain
c_kerak = d_oultrejourdain
c_madaba = d_oultrejourdain
c_darum = d_ascalon
c_jaffa = d_ascalon
c_ascalon = d_ascalon
c_beersheb = d_ascalon
c_jerusalem = d_jerusalem
c_acre = d_jerusalem
c_hebron = d_jerusalem
c_tiberias = d_galilee
c_tyrus = d_galilee
c_beirut = d_galilee
c_safed = d_galilee
c_asas = d_aleppo
c_palmyra = d_aleppo
c_aleppo = d_aleppo
c_homs = d_aleppo
c_hama = d_aleppo
c_antiocheia = d_antioch
c_archa = d_antioch
c_alexandretta = d_antioch
c_tortosa = d_tripoli
c_tripoli = d_tripoli
c_baalbek = d_tripoli
c_damascus = d_damascus
c_irbid = d_damascus
c_al_mafraq = d_damascus
c_az_zarqa = d_damascus
c_amman = d_damascus
c_syria = d_syria
c_druz = d_syria
c_suwaida = d_syria
c_tadmor = d_syria
c_al_bichri = d_syria
c_marrakech = d_marrakech
c_tharasset = d_marrakech
c_ifni = d_marrakech
c_anti-atlas = d_marrakech
c_massat = d_marrakech
c_canarias = d_marrakech
c_infa = d_tangiers
c_tangiers = d_tangiers
c_cebta = d_tangiers
c_fes = d_fes
c_el_rif = d_fes
c_figuig = d_fes
c_sijilmasa = d_fes
c_atlas_mnt = d_alger
c_lemdiyya = d_alger
c_al_djazair = d_alger
c_mzab = d_alger
c_ouled_nail = d_alger
c_biskra = d_alger
c_tlemcen = d_tlemcen
c_orania = d_tlemcen
c_hanyan = d_tlemcen
c_snassen = d_tlemcen
c_tunis = d_tunis
c_medjerda = d_tunis
c_bizerte = d_tunis
c_kairwan = d_tunis
c_mahdia = d_tunis
c_gabes = d_tunis
c_tripolitana = d_tripolitania
c_djerba = d_tripolitania
c_leptis_magna = d_tripolitania
c_syrte = d_tripolitania
c_cyrenaica = d_cyrenaica
c_senoussi = d_cyrenaica
c_benghazi = d_cyrenaica
c_tobruk = d_cyrenaica
c_beni_yanni = d_kabylia
c_tell_atlas = d_kabylia
c_constantine = d_kabylia
c_bejaija = d_kabylia
c_annaba = d_kabylia
c_busaso = d_harer
c_berbera = d_harer
c_zeila = d_harer
c_aksum = d_axum
c_massawa = d_axum
c_akordat = d_axum
c_tigrinya = d_semien
c_semien = d_semien
c_assab = d_afar
c_asayita = d_afar
c_harer = d_afar
c_tadjoura = d_afar
c_gondar = d_gondar
c_begemder = d_gondar
c_wag = d_wag
c_lakomelza = d_wag
c_gojjam = d_gojjam
c_matamma = d_gojjam
c_damot = d_damot
c_asosa = d_damot
c_ankober = d_shewa
c_antalo = d_shewa
c_dotawo = d_nobatia
c_nobatia = d_nobatia
c_nubia = d_nobatia
c_aydhab = d_nobatia
c_makuria = d_nubia
c_napata = d_nubia
c_atbara = d_nubia
c_alodia = d_sennar
c_sennar = d_sennar
c_kosti = d_sennar
c_suakin = d_hayya
c_trinkitat = d_hayya
c_hayya = d_hayya
c_kassala = d_hayya
c_northumberland = d_northumberland
c_durham = d_northumberland
c_cumberland = d_northumberland
c_lancaster = d_lancaster
c_westmorland = d_lancaster
c_chester = d_lancaster
c_derby = d_lancaster
c_york = d_york
c_lincoln = d_york
c_norfolk = d_norfolk
c_suffolk = d_norfolk
c_bedford = d_bedford
c_middlesex = d_bedford
c_essex = d_bedford
c_northampton = d_bedford
c_leicester = d_hereford
c_warwick = d_hereford
c_worcester = d_hereford
c_gloucester = d_gloucester
c_wiltshire = d_gloucester
c_oxford = d_gloucester
c_surrey = d_canterbury
c_kent = d_canterbury
c_sussex = d_canterbury
c_winchester = d_somerset
c_dorset = d_somerset
c_somerset = d_somerset
c_gwynedd = d_gwynedd
c_perfeddwlad = d_gwynedd
c_powys = d_powys
c_shrewsbury = d_powys
c_hereford = d_powys
c_dyfed = d_deheubarth
c_glamorgan = d_deheubarth
c_gwent = d_deheubarth
c_cornwall = d_cornwall
c_devon = d_cornwall
c_isle_of_man = d_the_isles
c_galloway = d_galloway
c_carrick = d_galloway
c_clydesdale = d_galloway
c_innse_gall = d_western_isles
c_argyll = d_western_isles
c_lothian = d_lothian
c_dunbar = d_lothian
c_teviotdale = d_lothian
c_gowrie = d_albany
c_fife = d_albany
c_strathearn = d_albany
c_atholl = d_albany
c_moray = d_moray
c_ross = d_moray
c_buchan = d_moray
c_caithness = d_moray
c_ulster = d_ulster
c_oriel = d_ulster
c_tyrone = d_ulster
c_tyrconnell = d_ulster
c_breifne = d_connacht
c_connacht = d_connacht
c_kildare = d_meath
c_dublin = d_meath
c_leinster = d_leinster
c_ossory = d_leinster
c_thomond = d_munster
c_ormond = d_munster
c_desmond = d_munster
c_timbuktu = d_timbuktu
c_oualata = d_timbuktu
c_araouane = d_timbuktu
c_taghaza = d_timbuktu
c_ghana = d_ghana
c_aoudaghost = d_ghana
c_ouadane = d_ghana
c_idjil = d_ghana
c_mali = d_mali
c_bambuk = d_mali
c_djenne = d_mali
c_gurma = d_mali
c_gao = d_songhay
c_tadmekka = d_songhay
c_zarma = d_songhay
c_debul = d_sauvira
c_sonda = d_sauvira
c_mansura = d_sauvira
c_ranikot = d_sauvira
c_siwistan = d_sauvira
c_bhakkar = d_bhakkar
c_aror = d_bhakkar
c_rajanpur = d_bhakkar
c_sibi = d_bhakkar
c_kandail = d_bhakkar
c_quzdar = d_bhakkar
c_multan = d_multan
c_kafirkot = d_multan
c_uch = d_multan
c_karur = d_multan
c_karor = d_multan
c_wana = d_multan
c_lahur = d_lahore
c_dipalpur = d_lahore
c_bhera = d_lahore
c_shorkot = d_lahore
c_sakala = d_lahore
c_trigarta = d_lahore
c_gurjaratra = d_lahore
c_udabhanda = d_gandhara
c_purushapura = d_gandhara
c_nandana = d_gandhara
c_kasmira = d_gandhara
c_bannu = d_gandhara
c_delhi = d_kuru
c_hastinapura = d_kuru
c_sthanisvara = d_kuru
c_hisar = d_haritanaka
c_tribandapura = d_haritanaka
c_sarasvati = d_haritanaka
c_mathura = d_mathura
c_kol = d_mathura
c_sripatha = d_mathura
c_vodamayutja = d_vodamayutja
c_sambhal = d_vodamayutja
c_katehar = d_vodamayutja
c_sarasvata_mandala = d_gurjara_mandala
c_khetaka = d_gurjara_mandala
c_mohadavasaka = d_gurjara_mandala
c_dhamalpur = d_anartta
c_dvaraka = d_anartta
c_kutch = d_anartta
c_bhumilka = d_saurashtra
c_somnath = d_saurashtra
c_vardhamana = d_saurashtra
c_valabhi = d_saurashtra
c_navasarika = d_lata
c_daman = d_lata
c_vadodara = d_lata
c_mandavyapura = d_maru
c_medantaka = d_maru
c_godwad = d_maru
c_vikramapura = d_jangladesh
c_reni = d_jangladesh
c_nagauda = d_jangladesh
c_ludrava = d_stravani
c_vijnot = d_stravani
c_satyapura = d_stravani
c_medapata = d_medapata
c_chitrakut = d_medapata
c_kota = d_medapata
c_ajayameru = d_ajmer
c_ranthambore = d_ajmer
c_vairata = d_ajmer
c_gwalior = d_ajmer
c_dadhipadra = d_dadhipadra
c_dhara = d_dadhipadra
c_dasapura = d_dadhipadra
c_ujjayini = d_dadhipadra
c_sarangpur = d_akara_dasarna
c_vidisa = d_akara_dasarna
c_chanderi = d_akara_dasarna
c_candhoba = d_akara_dasarna
c_mandapika = d_anupa
c_asirgarh = d_anupa
c_burhanpur = d_anupa
c_thalner = d_anupa
c_kanyakubja = d_kanyakubja
c_lakhnau = d_kanyakubja
c_kalpi = d_kanyakubja
c_bharauli = d_kanyakubja
c_asni = d_kanyakubja
c_prayaga = d_kanyakubja
c_naimisa = d_saryupara
c_sravasti = d_saryupara
c_ayodhya = d_saryupara
c_mahoba = d_jejakabhukti
c_kalanjara = d_jejakabhukti
c_damoh = d_jejakabhukti
c_gurgi = d_jejakabhukti
c_tripuri = d_dahala
c_chauragarh = d_dahala
c_tummana = d_ratanpur
c_ratanpur = d_ratanpur
c_bandhugadha = d_ratanpur
c_bikrampur = d_vanga
c_kumara_mandala = d_vanga
c_candradvipa = d_vanga
c_samatata = d_vanga
c_karmanta = d_vanga
c_madhupur = d_varendra
c_pundravardhana = d_varendra
c_suvarnagram = d_varendra
c_gauda = d_gauda
c_radha = d_gauda
c_laksmanavati = d_gauda
c_kotivarsa = d_gauda
c_nabadwipa = d_nadia
c_saptagrama = d_nadia
c_vijayapura = d_nadia
c_tamralipti = d_suhma
c_midnapore = d_suhma
c_mallabhum = d_suhma
c_kamarupanagara = d_kamarupanagara
c_kamatapur = d_kamarupanagara
c_goalpara = d_para_lauhitya
c_dimapur = d_para_lauhitya
c_srihatta = d_para_lauhitya
c_haruppeswara = d_sutiya
c_kundina = d_sutiya
c_sripuri = d_daksina_kosala
c_rayapura = d_daksina_kosala
c_suvarnapura = d_daksina_kosala
c_sambalpur = d_daksina_kosala
c_kiranapura = d_daksina_kosala
c_kataka = d_tosali
c_viraja = d_tosali
c_khinjali_mandala = d_tosali
c_kodalaka_mandala = d_tosali
c_khijjingakota = d_tosali
c_puri = d_kalinga
c_swetaka_mandala = d_kalinga
c_kalinganagar = d_kalinga
c_vizagipatam = d_kalinga
c_cakrakuta = d_dandakaranya
c_barasuru = d_dandakaranya
c_nandapur = d_dandakaranya
c_mithila = d_tirabhukti
c_kusinagara = d_tirabhukti
c_simaramapura = d_tirabhukti
c_varanasi = d_kasi
c_jaunpur = d_kasi
c_chunar = d_kasi
c_jharkand = d_jharkand
c_rothas = d_jharkand
c_rajrappa = d_jharkand
c_munda = d_jharkand
c_damin_i_koh = d_jharkand
c_magadha = d_magadha
c_sasaram = d_magadha
c_gaya = d_magadha
c_mudgagiri = d_magadha
c_acalapura = d_vidharba
c_ramagiri = d_vidharba
c_kherla = d_vidharba
c_canda = d_vidharba
c_vairagara = d_vidharba
c_goa = d_konkana
c_thana = d_konkana
c_honnore = d_konkana
c_nasikya = d_nasikya
c_nandurbar = d_nasikya
c_kondana = d_nasikya
c_devagiri = d_devagiri
c_pratishthana = d_devagiri
c_vatsagulma = d_devagiri
c_nanded = d_devagiri
c_parnakheta = d_devagiri
c_lattalura = d_rattapadi
c_naldurg = d_rattapadi
c_kolhapur = d_rattapadi
c_taradavadi = d_rattapadi
c_kalyani = d_kalyani
c_bidar = d_kalyani
c_manyakheta = d_kalyani
c_sagar = d_kalyani
c_srirangapatna = d_gangavadi
c_talakad = d_gangavadi
c_manyapura = d_gangavadi
c_nandagiri = d_gangavadi
c_uchangidurga = d_nulambavadi
c_dwarasamudra = d_nulambavadi
c_alampur = d_nulambavadi
c_idatarainadu = d_raichur_doab
c_kudalasangama = d_raichur_doab
c_banavasi = d_raichur_doab
c_vatapi = d_raichur_doab
c_cholamandalam = d_chola_nadu
c_tagadur = d_chola_nadu
c_madurai = d_pandya_nadu
c_tirunelveli = d_pandya_nadu
c_kongu = d_pandya_nadu
c_tenkasi = d_pandya_nadu
c_mahoyadapuram = d_chera_nadu
c_venadu = d_chera_nadu
c_qalqut = d_chera_nadu
c_kanara = d_chera_nadu
c_maldives = d_chera_nadu
c_kanchipuram = d_tondai_nadu
c_potapi = d_tondai_nadu
c_vengipura = d_vengi
c_vijayawada = d_vengi
c_pithapuram = d_vengi
c_rajamahendravaram = d_vengi
c_udayagiri = d_udayagiri
c_amaravati = d_udayagiri
c_penugonda = d_udayagiri
c_nellore = d_udayagiri
c_orangallu = d_warangal
c_kambampet = d_warangal
c_vemulavada = d_warangal
c_balkonda = d_warangal
c_racakonda = d_racakonda
c_nilagiri = d_racakonda
c_pannagallu = d_racakonda
c_medak = d_racakonda
c_kollipake = d_racakonda
c_dakhina_desa = d_lanka
c_rohana = d_lanka
c_phiti = d_sinhala
c_nagadipa = d_sinhala
c_kotthasara = d_sinhala
d_holland = k_frisia
d_gelre = k_frisia
d_brabant = k_frisia
d_flanders = k_frisia
d_luxembourg = k_lotharingia
d_upper_lorraine = k_lotharingia
d_lower_lorraine = k_lotharingia
d_alsace = k_lotharingia
d_bavaria = k_bavaria
d_osterreich = k_bavaria
d_tyrol = k_bavaria
d_carinthia = k_bavaria
d_brunswick = k_germany
d_thuringia = k_germany
d_koln = k_germany
d_franconia = k_germany
d_baden = k_germany
d_swabia = k_germany
d_nikaea = k_byzantium
d_samos = k_byzantium
d_aegean_islands = k_byzantium
d_thrace = k_byzantium
d_adrianopolis = k_byzantium
d_thessalonika = k_byzantium
d_dyrrachion = k_byzantium
d_epirus = k_byzantium
d_athens = k_byzantium
d_achaia = k_byzantium
d_krete = k_byzantium
d_cyprus = k_byzantium
d_cibyrrhaeot = k_byzantium
d_anatolia = k_anatolia
d_thracesia = k_anatolia
d_charsianon = k_anatolia
d_armeniacon = k_anatolia
d_paphlagonia = k_anatolia
d_trebizond = k_anatolia
d_armenia_minor = k_anatolia
d_armenia = k_armenia
d_mesopotamia = k_armenia
d_edessa = k_armenia
d_coloneia = k_armenia
d_vidin = k_bulgaria
d_turnovo = k_bulgaria
d_karvuna = k_bulgaria
d_rashka = k_serbia
d_dioclea = k_serbia
d_slavonia = k_croatia
d_bosnia = k_croatia
d_croatia = k_croatia
d_dalmatia = k_croatia
d_benevento = k_sicily
d_capua = k_sicily
d_apulia = k_sicily
d_salerno = k_sicily
d_calabria = k_sicily
d_sicily = k_sicily
d_kartli = k_georgia
d_derbent = k_georgia
d_abkhazia = k_georgia
d_venice = k_venice
d_verona = k_italy
d_susa = k_italy
d_lombardia = k_italy
d_genoa = k_italy
d_modena = k_italy
d_ferrara = k_italy
d_toscana = k_italy
d_pisa = k_italy
d_ancona = k_italy
d_spoleto = k_italy
d_latium = k_italy
d_sardinia = k_italy
d_gotland = k_sweden
d_uppland = k_sweden
d_ostergotland = k_sweden
d_vastergotland = k_sweden
d_norrland = k_sweden
d_bergslagen = k_sweden
d_smaland = k_sweden
d_skane = k_denmark
d_sjaelland = k_denmark
d_slesvig = k_denmark
d_holstein = k_denmark
d_iceland = k_norway
d_orkney = k_norway
d_vestlandet = k_norway
d_ostlandet = k_norway
d_trondelag = k_norway
d_jamtland = k_norway
d_kola = k_finland
d_esthonia = k_finland
d_livonia = k_finland
d_karelia = k_finland
d_finland = k_finland
d_mazovia = k_poland
d_greater_poland = k_poland
d_silesia = k_poland
d_lesser_poland = k_poland
d_kuyavia = k_poland
d_mecklemburg = k_pomerania
d_pommerania = k_pomerania
d_pomeralia = k_pomerania
d_saxony = k_pomerania
d_brandenburg = k_pomerania
d_meissen = k_pomerania
d_prussia = k_lithuania
d_polotsk = k_lithuania
d_lithuanians = k_lithuania
d_yatviags = k_lithuania
d_courland = k_lithuania
d_samogitia = k_lithuania
d_bohemia = k_moravia
d_moravia = k_moravia
d_beloozero = k_rus
d_novgorod = k_rus
d_pskov = k_rus
d_rostov = k_rus
d_tver = k_rus
d_yaroslavl = k_rus
d_vladimir = k_rus
d_moskva = k_rus
d_kiev = k_ruthenia
d_galich = k_ruthenia
d_volhynia = k_ruthenia
d_turov = k_ruthenia
d_vitebsk = k_ruthenia
d_smolensk = k_ruthenia
d_chernigov = k_ruthenia
d_novgorod-seversk = k_ruthenia
d_ryazan = k_ruthenia
d_pereyaslavl = k_ruthenia
d_perm = k_perm
d_yugra = k_perm
d_hlynov = k_perm
d_bjarmia = k_perm
d_altay = k_mongolia
d_otuken = k_mongolia
d_khangai = k_mongolia
d_ikh_bogd = k_mongolia
d_kashgar = k_khotan
d_khotan = k_khotan
d_karashar = k_khotan
d_kumul = k_khotan
d_itil = k_cuman
d_sarkel = k_cuman
d_yaik = k_cuman
d_sibir = k_cuman
d_kipchak = k_cuman
d_kimak = k_cuman
d_kirghiz  = k_cuman
d_maris = k_volga_bulgaria
d_bulgar = k_volga_bulgaria
d_cheremisa = k_volga_bulgaria
d_mordvins = k_volga_bulgaria
d_cherson = k_taurica
d_crimea = k_taurica
d_alania = k_alania
d_azov = k_alania
d_turkestan = k_turkestan
d_zhetysu = k_turkestan
d_syr_darya = k_turkestan
d_khorasan = k_persia
d_mazandaran = k_persia
d_esfahan = k_persia
d_kerman = k_chak
d_fars = k_chak
d_hamadan = k_chak
d_tabriz = k_chak
d_azerbaijan = k_chak
d_baluchistan = k_baluchistan
d_sistan = k_baluchistan
d_kabul = k_afghanistan
d_zabulistan = k_afghanistan
d_khiva = k_khiva
d_samarkand = k_khiva
d_merv = k_khiva
d_dihistan = k_khiva
d_kermanshah = k_mesopotamia
d_tigris = k_mesopotamia
d_basra = k_mesopotamia
d_baghdad = k_mesopotamia
d_mosul = k_mesopotamia
d_jazira = k_mesopotamia
d_wallachia = k_dacia
d_moldau = k_dacia
d_pecs = k_hungary
d_esztergom = k_hungary
d_nyitra = k_hungary
d_ungvar = k_hungary
d_pest = k_hungary
d_transylvania = k_hungary
d_temes = k_hungary
d_berry = k_france
d_anjou = k_france
d_normandy = k_france
d_orleans = k_france
d_champagne = k_france
d_valois = k_france
d_burgundy = k_france
d_aquitaine = k_aquitaine
d_toulouse = k_aquitaine
d_gascogne = k_aquitaine
d_poitou = k_aquitaine
d_auvergne = k_aquitaine
d_bourbon = k_aquitaine
d_brittany = k_brittany
d_provence = k_burgundy
d_savoie = k_burgundy
d_dauphine = k_burgundy
d_upper_burgundy = k_burgundy
d_castilla = k_castille
d_aragon = k_aragon
d_barcelona = k_aragon
d_valencia = k_aragon
d_mallorca = k_aragon
d_navarra = k_navarra
d_asturias = k_leon
d_leon = k_leon
d_galicia = k_spanish_galicia
d_porto = k_portugal
d_beja = k_portugal
d_algarve = k_portugal
d_cordoba = k_andalusia
d_murcia = k_andalusia
d_granada = k_andalusia
d_sevilla = k_andalusia
d_badajoz = k_andalusia
d_toledo = k_andalusia
d_arabia_petrae = k_arabia
d_medina = k_arabia
d_sanaa = k_arabia
d_oman = k_arabia
d_nefoud = k_arabia
d_amman = k_arabia
d_alexandria = k_egypt
d_damietta = k_egypt
d_cairo = k_egypt
d_aswan = k_egypt
d_sinai = k_egypt
d_oultrejourdain = k_jerusalem
d_ascalon = k_jerusalem
d_jerusalem = k_jerusalem
d_galilee = k_jerusalem
d_aleppo = k_syria
d_antioch = k_syria
d_tripoli = k_syria
d_damascus = k_syria
d_syria = k_syria
d_marrakech = k_mauretania
d_tangiers = k_mauretania
d_fes = k_mauretania
d_alger = k_mauretania
d_tlemcen = k_mauretania
d_tunis = k_africa
d_tripolitania = k_africa
d_cyrenaica = k_africa
d_kabylia = k_africa
d_harer = k_abyssinia
d_axum = k_abyssinia
d_semien = k_abyssinia
d_afar = k_abyssinia
d_gondar= k_abyssinia
d_wag = k_abyssinia
d_gojjam = k_abyssinia
d_damot = k_abyssinia
d_shewa = k_abyssinia
d_nobatia = k_nubia
d_nubia = k_nubia
d_sennar = k_nubia
d_hayya = k_nubia
d_northumberland = k_england
d_lancaster = k_england
d_york = k_england
d_norfolk = k_england
d_bedford = k_england
d_hereford = k_england
d_gloucester = k_england
d_canterbury = k_england
d_somerset = k_england
d_gwynedd = k_wales
d_powys = k_wales
d_deheubarth = k_wales
d_cornwall = k_wales
d_the_isles = k_scotland
d_galloway = k_michael
d_western_isles = k_michael
d_lothian = k_michael
d_albany = k_michael
d_moray = k_michael
d_ulster = k_ireland
d_connacht = k_ireland
d_meath = k_ireland
d_leinster = k_ireland
d_munster = k_ireland
d_timbuktu = k_mali
d_ghana = k_mali
d_mali = k_mali
d_songhay = k_mali
d_sauvira = k_sindh
d_bhakkar = k_sindh
d_multan = k_punjab
d_lahore = k_punjab
d_gandhara = k_maken
d_kuru = k_delhi
d_haritanaka = k_delhi
d_mathura = k_delhi
d_vodamayutja = k_delhi
d_gurjara_mandala = k_gujarat
d_anartta = k_gujarat
d_saurashtra = k_gujarat
d_lata = k_gujarat
d_maru = k_rajputana
d_jangladesh = k_rajputana
d_stravani = k_rajputana
d_medapata = k_rajputana
d_ajmer = k_rajputana
d_dadhipadra = k_malwa
d_akara_dasarna = k_malwa
d_anupa = k_malwa
d_kanyakubja = k_kosala
d_saryupara = k_kosala
d_jejakabhukti = k_kosala
d_dahala = k_gondwana
d_ratanpur = k_gondwana
d_vanga = k_bengal
d_varendra = k_bengal
d_gauda = k_bengal
d_nadia = k_bengal
d_suhma = k_bengal
d_kamarupanagara = k_kamarupa
d_para_lauhitya = k_kamarupa
d_sutiya = k_kamarupa
d_daksina_kosala = k_orissa
d_tosali = k_orissa
d_kalinga = k_orissa
d_dandakaranya = k_orissa
d_tirabhukti = k_bihar
d_kasi = k_bihar
d_jharkand = k_bihar
d_magadha = k_bihar
d_vidharba = k_maharastra
d_konkana = k_maharastra
d_nasikya = k_maharastra
d_devagiri = k_maharastra
d_rattapadi = k_maharastra
d_kalyani = k_karnata
d_gangavadi = k_karnata
d_nulambavadi = k_karnata
d_raichur_doab = k_karnata
d_chola_nadu = k_tamilakam
d_pandya_nadu = k_tamilakam
d_chera_nadu = k_tamilakam
d_tondai_nadu = k_tamilakam
d_vengi = k_andhra
d_udayagiri = k_andhra
d_warangal = k_telingana
d_racakonda = k_telingana
d_lanka = k_lanka
d_sinhala = k_lanka
k_hansa = e_germany
k_saxony = e_germany
k_frisia = e_germany
k_lotharingia = e_germany
k_bavaria = e_germany
k_germany = e_germany
k_cyprus = e_byzantium
k_saruhan = e_byzantium
k_trinacria = e_byzantium
k_tekke = e_byzantium
k_trebizond = e_byzantium
k_ottoman = e_byzantium
k_rum = e_byzantium
k_mentese = e_byzantium
k_karaman = e_byzantium
k_germiyan = e_byzantium
k_eretnid = e_byzantium
k_aydin = e_byzantium
k_candar = e_byzantium
k_byzantium = e_byzantium
k_anatolia = e_arabic
k_armenia = e_arabic
k_bulgaria = e_arabic
k_serbia = e_arabic
k_croatia = e_arabic
k_sicily = e_italy
k_georgia = e_arabic
k_venice = e_italy
k_genoa = e_italy
k_pisa = e_italy
k_naples = e_italy
k_italy = e_italy
k_sweden = e_scandinavia
k_denmark = e_scandinavia
k_norway = e_scandinavia
k_finland = e_scandinavia
k_moravia = e_wendish_empire
k_bohemia = e_wendish_empire
k_poland = e_wendish_empire
k_pomerania = e_wendish_empire
k_lithuania = e_wendish_empire
k_bohemia = e_wendish_empire
k_moravia = e_wendish_empire
k_rus = e_russia
k_ruthenia = e_russia
k_perm = e_russia
k_mongolia = e_tartaria
k_khotan = e_tartaria
k_magyar = e_tartaria
k_khazaria = e_tartaria
k_cuman = e_tartaria
k_volga_bulgaria = e_tartaria
k_taurica = e_tartaria
k_alania = e_tartaria
k_turkestan = e_tartaria
k_persia = e_persia
k_baluchistan = e_persia
k_afghanistan = e_persia
k_khiva = e_persia
k_mesopotamia = e_persia
k_dacia = e_carpathia
k_hungary = e_carpathia
k_france = e_france
k_aquitaine = e_france
k_brittany = e_france
k_burgundy = e_france
k_leon = e_spain
k_castille = e_spain
k_aragon = e_spain
k_navarra = e_spain
k_asturias = e_spain
k_leon = e_spain
k_spanish_galicia = e_spain
k_portugal = e_spain
k_andalusia = e_spain
k_israel = e_arabia
k_arabia = e_arabia
k_egypt = e_arabia
k_jerusalem = e_arabia
k_syria = e_arabia
k_mauretania = e_arabia
k_africa = e_arabia
k_abyssinia = e_abyssinia
k_nubia = e_abyssinia
k_england = e_britannia
k_wales = e_britannia
k_scotland = e_britannia
k_ireland = e_britannia
k_mali = e_mali
k_sindh = e_rajastan
k_punjab = e_rajastan
k_delhi = e_rajastan
k_gujarat = e_rajastan
k_rajputana = e_rajastan
k_malwa = e_rajastan
k_kosala = e_rajastan
k_gondwana = e_bengal
k_bengal = e_bengal
k_kamarupa = e_bengal
k_orissa = e_bengal
k_bihar = e_bengal
k_maharastra = e_deccan
k_karnata = e_deccan
k_tamilakam = e_deccan
k_andhra = e_deccan
k_telingana = e_deccan
k_lanka = e_deccan
